Macdonald polynomials and algebraic integrability
How to Check Data Usage on AT&T 1 Call *3282# (*DATA#) to receive a text with your data usage information. It may take a moment or two for the SMS message to arrive. Do this from the phone that you want to check the data usage for. [1]You can also dial *646# (*MIN#) to check your remaining minutes. 
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Jason Voorhees Jason Voorhees is the main character from the Friday the 13th series . He first appeared in Friday the 13th ( 1980 ) as the young son of camp cook-turned-murderer Mrs. Voorhees , in which he was portrayed by Ari Lehman . Created by Victor Miller , with contributions by Ron Kurz , Sean S. Cunningham , and Tom Savini , Jason was not originally intended to carry the series as the main antagonist . The character has subsequently been represented in various other media , including novels , video games , comic books , and a cross-over film with another iconic horror film character , Freddy Krueger .   The character has primarily been an antagonist in the films , whether by stalking and killing the other characters , or acting as a psychological threat to the protagonist , as is the case in Friday the 13th : A New Beginning . Since Lehman 's portrayal , the character has been represented by numerous actors and stuntmen , sometimes by more than one at a time ; this has caused some controversy as to who should receive credit for the portrayal . Kane Hodder is the best known of the stuntmen to portray Jason Voorhees , having played the character in four consecutive films .   The character 's physical appearance has gone through many transformations , with various special makeup effects artists making their mark on the character 's design , including makeup artist Stan Winston . Tom Savini 's initial design has been the basis for many of the later incarnations . The trademark hockey goalie mask did not appear until Friday the 13th Part III . Since Friday the 13th Part VI : Jason Lives , filmmakers have given Jason superhuman strength , regenerative powers , and near invulnerability . He has been seen as a sympathetic character , whose motivation for killing has been cited as being driven by the immoral actions of his victims and his own rage over having drowned as a child . Jason Voorhees has been featured in various humor magazines , referenced in feature films , parodied in television shows , and was the inspiration for a horror punk band . Several toy lines have been released based on various versions of the character from the Friday the 13th films . Jason Voorhees 's hockey mask is a widely recognized image in popular culture .
Rock Island County, IL Rock Island County, IL04:00 PM Current Temperature 32 ° Population 147,457Homefacts County Report Rock Island County is located in the state of Illinois . The population is 147,457. There are 50 public schools in Rock Island County with an average Homefacts rating of C. There are 261 registered sex offenders residing in the county. Unemployment in Rock Island County is very high and the median home sales price is $85,300.toprightbottomleft center Road+-The specified credentials are invalid. You can sign up for a free developer account at http://www.bingmapsportal.com Schools School Rating is Average No High School Diploma: 11.8%High School Graduate or Higher: 65.6%Bachelor's Degree or Higher: 22.6%Registered Offenders12.92% Higher than national avg.261 offenders in Rock Island County17.70 offenders/10,000 residents Real Estate Median List Price $86,750Median Sales Price: $85,300Homes For Sale: 407Homes For Rent: 10Environmental Hazards826 Found nearby Brownfields: 24Registered Polluters: 29Superfunds: 23Tanks & Spills: 750Unemployment Very High 4.9%Illinois unemployment average: 5.0%National unemployment average: 4.1% 
Taglierini Taglierini ] (or Tagliolini) is a type of ribbon pasta, long like Spaghetti, two to three mm or roughly a tenth of an inch wide, similar to tagliatelle, but thin like Capellini. It is a traditional recipe in regions Molise and Piedmont of Italy, in Piedmont called Tajarin and made of egg dough ("pasta all'uovo"). The dough also contains semolina, flavor and salt. It is typically served with butter and truffles ("tajarin ai tartufi") or meat roast sauce. Taglierini finish in short cooking time, exceedingly on fresh doug and fit best to light sauces, fish, delicacies or soups.
They don't. You can't prove or disprove the existence of a higher power whose very purported nature is outside the realm of science. People who try to use science to disprove faith are just as confused as people who try to use faith to disprove science.
The Quranic text seems to have no beginning, middle, or end, its nonlinear structure being akin to a web or net. The textual arrangement is sometimes considered to exhibit lack of continuity, absence of any chronological or thematic order and repetitiousness. Michael Sells, citing the work of the critic Norman O. Brown, acknowledges Brown's observation that the seeming disorganization of Quranic literary expression – its scattered or fragmented mode of composition in Sells's phrase – is in fact a literary device capable of delivering profound effects as if the intensity of the prophetic message were shattering the vehicle of human language in which it was being communicated. Sells also addresses the much-discussed repetitiveness of the Quran, seeing this, too, as a literary device.
Tanzania Tanzania -LSB- ˌtænzəˈniːə -RSB- , officially the United Republic of Tanzania ( Jamhuri ya Muungano wa Tanzania ) , is a country in Eastern Africa within the African Great Lakes region . Parts of the country are in Southern Africa . It is bordered by Kenya and Uganda to the north ; Rwanda , Burundi , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west ; Zambia , Malawi , and Mozambique to the south ; and by the Indian Ocean to the east . Mount Kilimanjaro , Africa 's highest mountain , is in northeastern Tanzania .   Tanzania 's population of 51.82 million ( 2014 ) is diverse , composed of several ethnic , linguistic , and religious groups . Tanzania is a presidential constitutional republic , and since 1996 , its official capital city has been Dodoma , where the President 's Office , the National Assembly , and some government ministries are located . Dar es Salaam , the former capital , retains most government offices and is the country 's largest city , principal port , and leading commercial centre . Tanzania is a one party dominant state with the socialist-progressive Chama Cha Mapinduzi ( CCM ) party in power . From its formation until 1992 , it was the only legally permitted party in the country . This changed on 1 July 1992 , when amendments to the Constitution and a number of laws permitting and regulating the formation and operations of more than one political party were enacted by the National Assembly . Elections for president and all National Assembly seats were last held in October 2015 . The CCM holds approximately 75 % of the seats in the assembly .   Prehistoric population migrations include Southern Cushitic speakers , who are ancestral to the Iraqw , Gorowa , and Burunge and who moved south from Ethiopia into Tanzania . Based on linguistic evidence , there may also have been two movements into Tanzania of Eastern Cushitic people at about 4,000 and 2,000 years ago , originating from north of Lake Turkana . Archaeological evidence supports the conclusion that Southern Nilotes , including the Datoog , moved south from the present-day South Sudan-Ethiopia border region into central northern Tanzania between 2,900 and 2,400 years ago . These movements took place at about the same time as the settlement of the iron-making Mashariki Bantu from West Africa in the Lake Victoria and Lake Tanganyika areas . They brought with them the west African planting tradition and the primary staple of yams . They subsequently migrated out of these regions across the rest of Tanzania , between 2,300 and 1,700 years ago . European colonialism began in mainland Tanzania during the late 19th century when Germany formed German East Africa , which gave way to British rule following World War I . The mainland was governed as Tanganyika , with the Zanzibar Archipelago remaining a separate colonial jurisdiction . Following their respective independence in 1961 and 1963 , the two entities merged in April 1964 to form the United Republic of Tanzania .   Tanzania is mountainous and densely forested in the northeast , where Mount Kilimanjaro is located . Three of Africa 's Great Lakes are partly within Tanzania . To the north and west lie Lake Victoria , Africa 's largest lake , and Lake Tanganyika , the continent 's deepest lake , known for its unique species of fish . The eastern shore is hot and humid , with the Zanzibar Archipelago just offshore . The Kalambo water falls in the southwestern region of Rukwa are the second highest uninterrupted fall in Africa and are located near the southeastern shore of Lake Tanganyika on the border with Zambia . The Menai Bay Conservation Area is Zanzibar 's largest marine protected area .   Over 100 different languages are spoken in Tanzania , making it the most linguistically diverse country in East Africa . Among the languages spoken in Tanzania are all four of Africa 's language families : Bantu , Cushitic , Nilotic , and Khoisan . Swahili and English are Tanzania 's official languages . A highly multilingual country , Swahili is used in parliamentary debate , in the lower courts , an
What is the difference between Market Order and Limit Order? Which one is wise to use? Business & Finance Investing What is the difference between Market Order and Limit Order? Which one is wise to use? Plz explain in layman terms, as I am beginner to Share Markets Follow Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: Market order will execute your order at the current market price. Limit order is a conditional order, it will get executed at the price specified by you or at a price beneficial to you. As an example, if you place a BUY order for 1000 Nos. of X stock at a limit price of Rs.100, the stock will be bought at Rs.100 or lesser depending on the market availability. Similarly in the case of SELL it will be excuted at Rs.100 or more. It is always better to specify the limit value as sometimes, the order will be queued and may not get executed due to some system delay, then if you had placed the market order, the order might get executed at a price which is not favourable to the investor. I came across one site which is suitable for the beginner in trading, which you can also go through.,Source (s):http://www.sharetips4u.info Roshan L · 1 decade ago1 0 Comment Market Order Vs Limit Order Source (s):https://shrink.im/a8LDbbayona · 2 years ago0 0 Comment To start, MARKET order means you're telling the market you want ### number of shares, and you're given them at a price usually somewhere between the ask and bid (ask/bid spread). In a high volume market, it's pretty safe to do a market order, and if you're buying for the long run, then saving a few pennies on your order will mean nothing. For long term investments, just do a market order to raise your odds of a quick order execution. REMEMBER - many people forget this, it's not like you can just buy a stock whenever you want, there has to be a seller to meet your order. In high volume markets, you're pretty much guaranteed this with a market order. Now, with LIMIT order, you're telling the market you want ### number of shares at a certain price. This is used more in lower volume markets and lower priced stocks. Example, for a stock priced at $1, every penny = 1%, so a limit order is a must to save you from placing an order that executes pennies above the current trade price, where you basically incure an immediate loss if the price returns to what it was initially at. There are also stop, stop limit, and trailing stop orders, but if you're a beginner, don't worry about them, but look them up and see what they're all about too. CONJ · 1 decade ago1 0 Comment A market order means you will pay whatever the market demands. A limit order is where YOU set the price you want to buy and sell. With a limit order there are no surprises. By placing a market order you are at the mercy of the market and may overpay or undersell. ALWAYS use limit orders Ryan M · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment1. market order means you want to buy or sell at any price that is available 2. limit order means you want to buy or sell at certain price or better 3. it depends on the purpose of your orders. If you want to open a position then the limit order would be better and if you want to cut loss then the market order would be better. Source (s): Investing in Stock http://investinginstock.blogspot.comd10 · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment When you specifiy a market order, it will be executed immediately at the current price. When you set a limit, the execution will take place only when the price reaches that point. If the stock is thinly traded, a market order can be executed at a lot less than the last trade. SDD · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Market order is when u tell your broker to sell or buy a share at current prevailing price eg Reliance right now is quoting at 2635 and u tell ur broker to buy/sell at this price or nearit. it is a market price order. suyppose u want to buy at 2630 and your broker puts a bid to buy ,say, 100 shares at 2630. this is limit order. Anonymous · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Perhaps you would like to learn more about one of these? Look For Franchises For Sale Need a Small Business Loan? Fi
What are some foods that contain carbohydrates? American Diabetes Association Administration The following foods have carbohydrates:bread, bagels, muffins, crackers, tortillas, and crustcerealpasta, noodles, and ricestarchy vegetables such as corn, peas, potatoes, and sweet potatoespancakes and wafflesdried beans (such as kidney or pinto beans) and peas (such as black-eyed or split peas)fruit (canned, dried, and fresh) and fruit juicemilk, soy milk, and yogurtsweets such as cake, cookies, ice cream, jam, jelly, and sugarpopcorn, potato chips, pretzels, and French fries Honor Society of Nursing (STTI)Administration Foods containing simple carbohydrates include sugary fluids like soda or energy drinks, deserts, syrups, and processed foods. Complex carbohydrates include two types of foods: dietary fibers and starches. Foods with dietary fiber include nuts seed, fruits, beans, oatmeal, barley, bran, and vegetables. Starches include potatoes, beans, peas, corn, and some breads, cereals, and grains. Continue Learning about Carbohydrates Related to Carbohydrates Complex Carbohydrates Carbohydrates and Health Important: This content reflects information from various individuals and organizations and may offer alternative or opposing points of view. It should not be used for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. As always, you should consult with your healthcare provider about your specific health needs. Trending on Sharecare 
Drinking Water After Eating It also helps get rid of any toxins in the body. Before a meal: Drinking a glass of water about half an hour before a meal improves digestion. It is a good idea to avoid drinking water too soon before or after your meal to avoid diluting the digestive juices. Wait for an hour after your meal to drink water.
Even after a blizzard takes away a bunch of parking spaces, this cunt shows up at the Kings in Bedminster
2003–04 Houston Rockets season The 2003–04 NBA season was the Rockets' 37th season in the National Basketball Association, and their 33rd season in the city of Houston. The season saw the Rockets move their home games from Compaq Center to the new Toyota Center. During the offseason, the Rockets hired head coach Jeff Van Gundy, who is best known for his tenure with the New York Knicks, and signed free agent Jim Jackson. Midway through the season, they signed free agent point guard Mark Jackson. The Rockets finished fifth in the Midwest Division with a 45–37 record, and qualified for the playoffs for the first time since 1999 as the number 7 seed in the Western Conference. Second-year star Yao Ming and Steve Francis were both selected for the 2004 NBA All-Star Game. However, the Rockets were eliminated from the first round of the playoffs by the Los Angeles Lakers, who added Karl Malone and Gary Payton to join Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant, in five games. This also marked Francis' only playoff appearance in his career. Following the season, he was traded along with Cuttino Mobley and Kelvin Cato to the Orlando Magic, and Mark Jackson retired.
Thoracic aortic aneurysms Thoracic aortic aneurysms (Redirected from Thoracic Aortic Aneurysms)navigation search Contents [ hide ]1 Definition2 Etiology3 Echocardiography3.1 Transthoracic echocardiography3.2 Transoesophageal echocardiography4 Aorta size [2]5 Normal values [2]6 Recommendation7 References Definition Aortic aneurysm is a pathological dilatation of the normal aortic lumen involving one or several segments . The most used criterion defines aneurysm as a permanent dilatation at least 1,5 times that of expected normal diameter of that given aortic segment [ 1], although no definition is universally accepted. Aneurysms are described in terms of location, size, morphological appearance and origin. The morphology of an aortic aneurysm is :fusiform - the most common shape, with symmetrical dilatation of the full circumference of the aortic wallsaccular - a more localized dilatation that involves only a portion of the aortic wall [ 1]The presence of an aortic aneurysm may be a marker of more diffuse aortic disease; 25-28% of patients with thoracic aortic aneurysms have concomitant abdominal aortic aneurysms . Thus, a patients in whom an aortic aneurysm is discovered should undergo examination of the entire aorta for the possible presence of other aneurysms [ 1]. Thoracic aortic aneurysms are much less common than aneurysms of the abdominal aorta. The main classification of thoracic aortic aneurysms is anatomical (ascending aorta, aortic arch or descending aorta), because the etiology, natural history and treatment differ for each of these aortic segments involved [ 1]. Aneurysms of ascending aorta occur most commonly , followed by aneurysms of descending aorta, whereas aortic arch or thoracoabdominal aneurysms occur less often [ 1]. Etiology Aneurysms of ascending thoracic aorta often result from cystic medial necrosis, leading to a weakening of the aortic wall, which results in formation of fusiform aneurysms. Such aneurysms often involve the aortic root and may consequently result in aortic regurgitation; this association is called annuloaortic ectasia. Cystic medial necrosis occurs :at younger ages in association withconective tissue disorders ( Marfan, Ehlers-Danlos syndrome)familial thoracic aortic aneurysm syndromebicuspid aortic valvein older ages, accelerated by hypertension [ 1]Atherosclerosis is the main cause of descending aorta aneurysms and infrequently leads to ascending aorta aneurysms (only when is associated with diffuse aortic atherosclerosis) [ 1] . Aneurysms in aortic arch are contiguous with those of ascending or descending aorta and have the same etiology (cystic medial necrosis or atherosclerosis). Syphilis and infectious aortitis are nowadays very rare causes of ascending aorta aneurysms [ 1] . Aortic aneurysms are an important cause of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Except when complications are life-threatening, such as acute aortic syndrome or aortic rupture, most aortic aneurysms are asymptomatic and without abnormalities on physical examination; thus, diagnosis and follow-up depend exclusively on imaging techniques. Echocardiography Echocardiography has become the most used imaging test and plays an important role in the diagnosis and follow-up of aortic diseases [ 2] . Transthoracic echocardiography Transthoracic echocardiography is one of the techniques most used to measure proximal aortic segments in clinical practice. Using different windows, the proximal ascending aorta is visualized in the left and right parasternal long-axis views and, to a lesser extent, in basal short-axis views. In all patients with suspected aortic disease, the right parasternal view is recommended for estimating the true size of the ascending aorta. The ascending aorta is also visualized in the apical long-axis and modified apical five- chamber views; however, in these views, the aortic walls are seen with suboptimal lateral resolution. Modified subcostal views may in some cases (more frequently in children) be helpful, but here the ascending aorta is far from the transducer. All these views also per
What is a Crankshaft? Top 10 amazing movie makeup transformations. The crankshaft is located in the engine of a vehicle and converts the force created by the engine's pistons moving up and down into a force that moves the wheels in a circular motion so the car can go forward.Located inside the car's engine, it is connected to all the pistons in the engine and to the flywheel.he pistons, which are attached to the crankshaft in an engine, are moved down by the explosions inside the cylinders. When the pistons move down, the crankshaft rotates. The pistons are connected to the crankshaft to ensure it moves with them and keeps their movements regulated.
From a public policy perspective, the extreme cost and loss of liberty that a ban would require outweighs the harm tobacco products do. Cigarettes are harmful over the long term, but from a societal perspective, fairly benign over the short term. Nicotine addicts are fully functional members of society. Unlike most other drugs, you are not impaired while under the influence, you don't fly into a rage or crash cars. Overdoses are rare and you don't have to keep using more and more to get the same effect.  Sure, the health consequences will eventually catch up with you and some of that cost will likely be born by society. But that is true for many activities, like overeating, lack of exercise, or riding a motorcycle.
The Professionals (TV series) in 2011. The characters of Bodie, Doyle and Cowley would be played by new actors. The film would have been a prequel to the 1970s series concerning how Bodie and Doyle entered CI5. The Professionals (TV series) The Professionals is a British crime-action television drama series produced by Avengers Mark1 Productions for London Weekend Television (LWT) that aired on the ITV network from 1977 to 1983. In all, 57 episodes were produced, filmed between 1977 and 1981. It starred Martin Shaw, Lewis Collins and Gordon Jackson as agents of the fictional "CI5" (Criminal Intelligence 5, alluding to the real life
The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame. It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates. The Rev. Michael J. Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name. Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all. While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
They're much easier to peel if you immediately cool them off, as opposed to letting them sit in the hot water after turning off the stove.
Climate Climate Download .xls CLIMATE OVERVIEWMount Vernon, Oregon, gets 13 inches of rain per year. The US average is 39. Snowfall is 30 inches. The average US city gets 26 inches of snow per year. The number of days with any measurable precipitation is 61. On average, there are 205 sunny days per year in Mount Vernon, Oregon. The July high is around 88 degrees. The January low is 24. Sperling's comfort index for Mount Vernon is a 70 out of 100, where a higher score indicates a more comfortable year-around climate. The US average for the comfort index is 54. Our index is based on the total number of days annually within the comfort range of 70-80 degrees, and we also applied a penalty for days of excessive humidity. Temperature in Degrees CLIMATE24° 24°88.2° 88.2°29.9° 29.9°81.6° 81.6°22.6° 22.6°86.1° 86.1°Mount Vernon Oregon State United States Series 4January Low Temp. July High Temp. CLIMATE Mount Vernon, Oregon United States Rainfall (in. )88.168 86.1Avg. Jan. Low3.9 4.3Elevation ft. 2,999 1,443View More Data >CLIMATE MAPPlease Sign up or Log In to use maps. ORReviews for Mount Vernon Unknown Mount_Vernon Mouse over the stars for your rating and click to rate. 1=Not a Fan. 2=Not for Me. 3=Just Okay. 4=Great Place. 5=The Best Place. Start Your Review of Mount_Vernon, ORWe're looking for comments about Mount Vernon. Express your opinion 
High Blood Sugar (Hyperglycemia) Whenever the glucose (sugar) level in one's blood rises high temporarily, this condition is known as hyperglycemia. The opposite condition, low blood sugar, is called hypoglycemia. Glucose comes from most foods, and the body uses other chemicals to create glucose in the liver and muscles.
Tre, Pol and Pen headland. Cornish surnames and placenames are generally pronounced with the emphasis on the second syllable. Tre, Pol and Pen The phrase Tre, Pol and Pen is used to describe people from or places in Cornwall, UK. The full rhyming couplet runs: "By Tre Pol and Pen / Shall ye know all Cornishmen", a version of which was recorded by Richard Carew in his "Survey of Cornwall", published in 1602. Many Cornish surnames and place names still retain these words as prefixes, such as the surname Trelawny and the village Polzeath. "Tre" in the Cornish language means a settlement or homestead;
I believe they made some realistic CGI films a few years ago. People found them unsettling. They weren't quite 100% realistic, but very very close, and people found that when they saw slightly odd behaviour in characters that looked that realistic, it was just "wrong". I'll try to find a reference..... Edit: found a [reference](_URL_0_). It even has a name, which I had forgotten: [Uncanny Valley](_URL_1_).
With few exceptions, chemical nerve agents are very volatile, and break down quickly. For this reason, and because they are *extremely* hazardous, nerve agents are stored as benign precusor agents. These are mixed together just prior to use to create the nerve agent itself.  When chemical weapons facilities are destroyed, only the precusor chemicals are released. While some incidental mixing may occur if agent precursors are stored together, it generally creates negligible volumes of active agent. Other chemical agents, such as blister, blood, and lung agents, are stored in their active state, and can be released during an attack. But because military infrastructure is usually remote, and because chemical agents affect a small geographic area, the effects of such an event would be limited.
Rhinitis Rhinitis: Introduction. Rhinitis: Nasal lining inflammation leading to runny/blocked nose. More detailed information about the symptoms, causes, and treatments of Rhinitis is available below. Symptoms of Rhinitis
Photosynthesis Most plants, most algae, and cyanobacteria perform photosynthesis; such organisms are called photoautotrophs. Photosynthesis is largely responsible for producing and maintaining the oxygen content of the Earth's atmosphere, and supplies all of the organic compounds and most of the energy necessary for life on Earth.
alt.binaries.pictures FAQ - OS specific info
Because before things even got started, there was one extremely well financed, extremely well connected Democratic candidate whose presence in the race scared a lot of other people out. There was no equivalent to Hillary on the GOP side; it's a much more open race.
Composition of the human body Almost 99% of the mass of the human body is made up of six elements: oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, calcium, and phosphorus. Only about 0.85% is composed of another five elements: potassium, sulfur, sodium, chlorine, and magnesium. All 11 are necessary for life.
Geneva, Idaho Geneva, Idaho From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Geneva Unincorporated community Geneva Location within the state of Idaho Coordinates: 42°21′31″N 111°3′55″WCoordinates: 42°21′31″N 111°3′55″WCountry United States State Idaho County Bear Lake Elevation 6,178 ft (1,883 m)Time zone Mountain (MST) ( UTC-7)• Summer ( DST) MDT ( UTC-6)ZIP codes 83238GNIS feature ID 396540 [1]Welcome sign for Idaho on US 89 coming from Wyoming Geneva is an unincorporated community in Bear Lake County, Idaho, United States. Its elevation is 6,178 feet (1,883 m). [1] Although Geneva is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 83238; [2] the ZCTA for ZIP Code 83238 had a population of 141 at the 2000 census. [3]U. S. Route 89 runs west 15 miles (24 km) to Montpelier and northeast 23 miles (37 km) to Smoot, Wyoming. Idaho State Highway 61 leads south briefly to connect with Wyoming Highway 89 and Border Junction, Wyoming, 13 miles (21 km) south. Geneva is located about 1 mile (1.6 km) west of the Idaho- Wyoming state line. [4]A post office called Geneva has been in operation since 1898. [5] The community was named after Geneva, in Switzerland, the native land of a large share of the first settlers. [6] The Geneva Cemetery is located in the community. [7] [8]See also [ edit]Charles C. Rich (1809 – 1883), an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement and pioneer in Geneva and the Bear Lake area. References [ edit]^ a b "Geneva, Idaho". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey.^ Zip Code Lookup^ "American Fact Finder". United States Census Bureau. Archived from the original on 2013-09-11. Retrieved 2008-01-31.^ Official State Highway Map of Wyoming (Map). Wyoming Department of Transportation. 2014.^ "Post Offices". Retrieved 22 January 2018.^ The Utah Genealogical and Historical Magazine, Volumes 9-10. 1918. p. 182.^ Findagrave.com^ U. S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: Geneva Cemetery [ hide]v t e Municipalities and communities of Bear Lake County, Idaho, United States County seat: Paris Cities Bloomington Georgetown Montpelier Paris St. Charles CDPBennington Unincorporated communities Bern Dingle Fish Haven Geneva Giveout Liberty Nounan Ovid Pegram Wardboro This Idaho location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Categories: Unincorporated communities in Bear Lake County, Idaho Unincorporated communities in Idaho Idaho geography stubs 
What is the earth's speed around the sun? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Science Astronomy What is the earth's speed around the sun? Flag What is the earth's speed around the sun? Answer by Ken Mitchell Confidence votes 35.0KRetired US Navy officer, astronomy buff, history nut. The Earth orbits the Sun at an average of about 107,000 km/h (67,000 mph). The Earth orbits the Sun in an elliptical path; when closer to the Sun (perihelion is on January 4), the Earth is moving a bit more quickly, and when the Earth is farther away (aphelion about July 3) it is moving a little bit more slowly. But the average speed is around 67,000 MPH.6 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Paul Yost 7,748 Contributions At what speed does the sun orbit around the sun? The sun does not orbit itself. It does spin, however, with theequatorial region spinning slightly faster than the polar regions. The sun rotates about once every 24 days. What is the earth's path around the sun?mercery venus earth mars jupiture saturn neptune pluto Speed of earth around sun?100 miles per hour Anand Mehta 278,423 Contributionsmehtamatics = mathematics with a difference Earth's revolution around the sun? A year Aria96 23 Contributions What is caused by Earth's rotation around the Sun? Seasons Maureen Frazier 11 Contributions What is the earth's orbit around the sun?elliptical What is the speed of revolution around the sun? For earth, 365.245 EARTH days is the time it takes to travel round the sun. That means that, given that the earth's orbit is approximately 939951264 km, the speed of revolutio …Connorsh 2,240 Contributions What is the speed of the earth's rotation around the sun?67,000 MPH'. Hilmar Zonneveld 66,847 Contributions What is earth's rotation around the sun? That is called "revolution". Al Cohen 126,337 Contributions Senior Fellow in Electrical Engineering What is earth's speed around sun? The earth's mean orbital velocity is 29.8 km per second ( 18.5 miles per second ). Earth's orbit around the sun is? An ellipse. The orbit is completed in one year. Ken Mitchell Retired US Navy officer, astronomy buff, history nut. What would happen if the earth's speed around the sun increased? If the Earth's velocity around the Sun were to increase while the Sun's gravity and mass remained constant, the Earth's orbit would become more elliptical, leading to greater …Answered In Stars What is earth's complete travel around the sun?around 365 days Answered In Stars What is the earth's travel around the sun called? A revolution Al Cohen 126,337 Contributions Senior Fellow in Electrical Engineering Answered In Astronomy Where is earth's orbit around the sun is the speed of earth the greatest? In every closed orbit, the speed is greatest when the two bodies are closest together. In our time, the earth is closest to the sun (at 'perihelion') at a moment during the …Al Cohen 126,337 Contributions Senior Fellow in Electrical Engineering Answered In Astronomy Where in Earth's orbit around the Sun is the speed of Earth the greatest? The speed is greatest when the Earth is at perihelion ... the pointin the orbit that is nearest to the sun, always sometime during the first few days of January. Historikeren 9,339 Contributions Answered In Planetary Science How small the speed of earth's orbit around the sun change if Earth's distance from the sun increased by 4 times? If a planet were 4 times further away from the Sun its orbital speed would be halved. That can be deduced from Kepler's third law using an approximation based on a circular or … 
- Cellebrite UFED Touch Ultimate (Rugged Version) for Sale. Cellebrite UFED Touch Ultimate (Rugged Version) for Sale. This device is in mint condition, includes all parts, accessories and licenses. Price: $10,000 (or nearest offer). Seller is willing to hand deliver the unit and demonstrate working functionality before closing sale.
Gamma globulin This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2016) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Schematic representation of a protein electrophoresis gel Gamma globulins are a class of globulins, identified by their position after serum protein electrophoresis. [1] [2] The most significant gamma globulins are immunoglobulins ( antibodies ), although some immunoglobulins are not gamma globulins, and some gamma globulins are not immunoglobulins. Contents [ hide ]1 Use as medical treatment2 Pathology3 References4 External links Use as medical treatment [ edit]Further information: Intravenous immunoglobulin Gamma globulin injections are usually given in an attempt to temporarily boost a patient's immunity against disease. Being a product derived from bone marrow and lymph gland cells, gamma globulin injections, along with blood transfusions and intravenous drug use, can pass along hepatitis C to their recipients. Once hepatitis C was identified in 1989, blood banks began screening all blood donors for the presence of the virus in their bloodstream. However, since hepatitis C is known to have been present since at least the 1940s, a gamma globulin shot received prior to the early 1990s put the recipient at risk of being infected. Injections are most commonly used on patients having been exposed to hepatitis A or measles, or to make a kidney donor and a recipient compatible regardless of blood type or tissue match. Injections are also used to boost immunity in patients unable to produce gamma globulins naturally because of an immune deficiency, such as X-linked agammaglobulinemia and hyper Ig M syndrome. Such injections are less common in modern medical practice than they were previously, and injections of gamma globulin previously recommended for travelers have largely been replaced by the use of hepatitis A vaccine. Gamma globulin infusions are also used to treat some immunological diseases, such as idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura (ITP), a disease in which the platelets are being attacked by antibodies, leading to seriously low platelet counts. It appears that gamma globulin causes the spleen to ignore the antibody-tagged platelets, thus allowing them to survive and function. A recent clinical trial of gamma globulin in chronic fatigue syndrome patients had no recognizable benefit, while an older trial showed improvement. The success of this treatment remains uncertain. [ citation needed]Another theory on how gamma globulin administration works in autoimmune disease is by overloading the mechanisms that degrade gamma globulins. Overloading the degradation mechanism causes the harmful gamma globulins to have a much shorter halflife in sera. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) may be used in Kawasaki disease. Intravenous gamma globulin was FDA-approved in 2004 to reduce antibodies in a patient with kidney failure to allow that person to accept a kidney from a donor with a different blood type (ABO-incompatible), or who is an unacceptable tissue match. Stanley Jordan at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles pioneered this treatment. [3]Pathology [ edit]An excess is known as hypergammaglobulinemia. A deficiency is known as hypogammaglobulinemia. A disease of gamma globulins is called a "gammopathy" (for example, in monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance ). References [ edit]^ S. Ramakrishnan (October 2004). Textbook of Medical Biochemistry. Orient Blackswan. pp. 157–. ISBN 978-81-250-2071-4. ^ Allan Gaw; Michael Murphy; Rajeev Srivastava, Robert A. Cowan, Denis St. J. O'Reilly (7 June 2013). Clinical Biochemistry E-Book: An Illustrated Colour Text. Elsevier Health Sciences. pp. 52–. ISBN 978-0-7020-5414-3.^ "Multi-center Study Finds Therapy Boosts Kidney Transplants In 'Highly Sensitized' Patients". External links [ edit]gamma-Globulins at the US National Library of Medicine Medical Subject Headings (Me SH) [ hide]v t e Proteins: Globular proteins 
 Filter Related Categories: Beauty & Personal Care Health & Medical Supplier Location: All Countries & Regions Sort By : Relevancy You may want to search: cheek retractor retractor dental cheek retractor tribest dental loupes orthodontic dental surgical equipment China Dental Ortho Cheek Retractor and Lip Retractor with CE,ISO and FDA Ad US $ 3.5 - 4.0 / Set50 Sets (Min. Order)Hangzhou Yahong Medical Apparatus Co., Ltd. Teeth Whitening Dental Cheek Retractor Mouth Opener Ad US $ 0.01 - 8 / Piece5000 Pieces (Min. Order)Xiamen Yizhou Imp. & Exp. Co., Ltd. China Supplier new products 2016 Dental Disposable Cheek Retractor Ad US $ 0.15 - 0.3 / Piece1 Piece (Min. Order)Cangzhou Lankang Medical Instrument Developing Co., Ltd. Disposable plastic dentalcheek retractor Ad US $ 0.18 - 0.68 / Piece500 Pieces (Min. Order)Shenzhen Jiantaisheng Silicone Rubber Co., Ltd.high quality MTDENTAL dental cheek lip retractor Ad US $ 1.4 - 2.5 / Set10 Sets (Min. Order)Funing Mtdental Factory Dental teeth whitening kit cheek retractor and Gum protection gel US $ 0.9 - 1.9 / Piece1 Piece (Min. Order)Ningbo Safebond International Trade Co., Ltd. DENTAL CHEEKRETRACTOR BLACK COATED ORTHODONTIC DENTAL5 Pieces (Min. Order)SALIM ODONTOMED INCDental Orringer LIP Cheek Retractors ,24 Orringer Photographic Lip cheek US $ 1 - 15 / Unit1 Unit (Min. Order)NOORIMAN INDUSTRYTeeth whitening cheekretractor / dental mouth opener2000 Units (Min. Order)UZZI CORPORATIONHigh Quality And Comfortable Dental Cheek Retractor For Watch Ya Mouth Mouth Opener US $ 0.15 - 0.28 / Piece1000 Pieces (Min. Order)Bazhou Jinsheng Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. Dental Cheek Retractor 4.5/ Dental Stainless Steel Instruments US $ 1 - 5 / Piece10 Pieces (Min. Order)TRANSACT INTERNATIONALMouth Open Disposable Lip Retractors Orthodontics Dental Cheek Retractors / Cheek Retractors Lip US $ 0.15 - 0.2 / Piece100 Pieces (Min. Order)Yangzhou Dentp Import & Export Co., Ltd. Disposable Dental Sterile Rubber Dam Cheek Retractor US $ 0.1 - 1 / Piece10 Pieces (Min. Order)Zhengzhou Chongyang Trading Co., Ltd. Disposable Lip Orthodontics Dental Cheek Mouth Retractors For Children US $ 0.2 - 0.4 / Piece200000 Pieces (Min. Order)Cangzhou Lankang Medical Instrument Developing Co., Ltd.professional design teeth whitening lip retractorsdental mouth cheekretractor US $ 0.1 - 0.5 / Piece100 Pieces (Min. Order)Zhengzhou Sunup Technology Co., Ltd. Dental Cheek Retractors for Games- Small / Medium for Both Adults and Kids US $ 0.1 - 0.5 / Piece2000 Pieces (Min. Order)Jinan Tangyue International Trade Co., Ltd.20 pcs/bag S size dentalcheek retractors US $ 1.0 - 1.0 / Sets50 Sets (Min. Order)Zhengzhou Huaer Electro-Optics Technology Co., Ltd. Disposable Medical Dental Cheek Retractor for Teeth Whitening US $ 0.2 - 0.3 / Piece100 Pieces (Min. Order)Zhengzhou Senmy Dental Equipment Co., Ltd. Dental Cheek Retractor 4.5US $ 1 - 6 / Piece100 Pieces (Min. Order)MEGAMAPLEC Type Dental Teeth Plastic Cheek Retractor / Lip Intraoral hygiene teeth whitening Mouth Opener US $ 0.23 - 0.86 / Piece1000 Pieces (Min. Order)Ningbo Refiner Imp. & Exp. Co., Ltd. Factory hot wholesale mouth speak game lip opener disposable dental teeth whitening Cheek Retractor US $ 0.14 - 0.16 / Pieces3000 Pieces (Min. Order)Shanghai Bright Kun Industrial Limited [ Ai Fan Dental ] New Products 2016 Dental Mouth Opener Cheek Retractor US $ 0.3 - 0.8 / Unit100 Units (Min. Order)Zhengzhou Aifan Import & Export Co., Ltd. Easy Operation hot sell dental lip cheekretractor manufacturer with best price US $ 0.2 - 0.4 / Pack1 Pack (Min. Order)Shenzhen Aiya Technology Co., Limited20 PCS Dental C-Shape Adult Teeth Intraoral Cheek Lip Retractor US $ 0.1 - 0.21 / Piece1000 Pieces (Min. Order)Shenzhen Rechan Technology Co., Ltd. Most cheap medical dental mouth opener cheekretractors with free sample US $ 0.1 - 0.3 / Pieces1000 Pieces (Min. Order)Ningbo Fenghua Gogo Automatic Trading Company Limited Dental Lip Openers C Shape Cheek Retractor US $ 0.12 - 0.2 / Piece5000 Pieces (Min. Order)Qingdao Sinoland International Trade Co., Ltd. M Type Plastic Disposable Ch
- Academic Program Coordinator Salary. Academic Program Coordinator average salary is $35,223, median salary is $33,787 with a salary range from $28,500 to $42,000.Academic Program Coordinator salaries are collected from government agencies and companies. Each salary is associated with a real job position.Academic Program Coordinator salary statistics is not exclusive and is for reference only. They are presented as is and updated regularly.ach salary is associated with a real job position. Academic Program Coordinator salary statistics is not exclusive and is for reference only. They are presented as is and updated regularly.
BDT - Bangladeshi Taka BDT - Bangladeshi Taka▼Bangladesh, Taka The Bangladeshi Taka is the currency of Bangladesh. Our currency rankings show that the most popular Bangladesh Taka exchange rate is the EUR to BDT rate . The currency code for Taka is BDT, and the currency symbol is Tk. Below, you'll find Bangladeshi Taka rates and a currency converter. You can also subscribe to our currency newsletters with daily rates and analysis, read the XE Currency Blog , or take BDT rates on the go with our XE Currency Apps and website. Full currency list Top BDT Exchange Rates▼Click on a currency code to learn about it. Currency Facts BDT Stats Name: Bangladeshi Taka Symbol: Tk Minor Unit: 1/100 = Poisha Top BDT Conversion: EUR/BDTTop BDT Chart: EUR/BDT Chart BDT Profile Inflation: 5.70%Coins: Freq Used: Tk1, Tk2, Tk5 Rarely Used: 1, 5, 10, 25, 50Banknotes: Freq Used: Tk2, Tk5, Tk10, Tk20, Tk50, Tk100, Tk500, Tk1000 Rarely Used: Tk1Central Bank: Bangladesh Bank Website: http://www.bangladesh-bank.org Users: Bangladesh Have more info about the Bangladeshi Taka? Email us ▶XE Currency Converter More currencies▼ ↔ ▼Convert Why are you interested in the BDT? I want to ... Send a cheap Money Transfer to the USA ▶Send a cheap Money Transfer to the UK ▶Send a cheap Money Transfer to Canada ▶Send a cheap Money Transfer to Australia ▶Send a cheap Money Transfer to New Zealand ▶Get a BDT currency data API for my business ▶Subscribe to BDT email updates ▶Read Currency Market Analysis ▶Get BDT rates on my phone ▶More Tools & Services AD 
What is the charge for cash withdrawal?
Stonewall Jackson From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the Confederate general. For other uses, see Stonewall Jackson (disambiguation). Lieutenant General Thomas Jonathan "Stonewall" Jackson General Jackson at Winchester, Virginia 1862Nickname (s) "Stonewall", "Old Jack", "Old Blue Light", "Tom Fool"Born January 21, 1824 [1]Clarksburg, Virginia, U. S. (now Clarksburg, West Virginia)Died May 10, 1863 (aged 39) Guinea Station, Virginia Buried Stonewall Jackson Memorial Cemetery Lexington, Virginia, U. S. Allegiance United States of America (1846–1851)Confederate States of America (1861–1863)Service/ branch United States Army Confederate States Army Years of service1846–18611861–1863Rank First Lieutenant (USA)Brevet Major (USA)Lieutenant General (CSA)Commands held Stonewall Brigade Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia Battles/wars Mexican–American War American Civil War Great Train Raid of 1861Battle of Falling Waters First Battle of Bull Run (First Manassas) ( WIA)Romney Expedition Jackson's Valley Campaign First Battle of Kernstown Battle of Front Royal First Battle of Winchester Battle of Port Republic Seven Days Battles Battle of Gaines's Mill Battle of Savage's Station Battle of White Oak Swamp Battle of Malvern Hill Northern Virginia Campaign Battle of Cedar Mountain First Battle of Rappahannock Station Manassas Station Second Battle of Bull Run (Second Manassas)Battle of Chantilly Maryland Campaign Battle of Harpers Ferry Battle of Antietam Battle of Fredericksburg Battle of Chancellorsville (DOW)Signature Thomas Jonathan " Stonewall " Jackson (January 21, 1824 – May 10, 1863) served as a Confederate general (1861–1863) during the American Civil War, and became arguably the best-known Confederate commander after General Robert E. Lee. [2] Jackson played a prominent role in nearly all military engagements in the Eastern Theater of the war until his death, and had an important part in winning many significant battles. Born in what was then part of Virginia, Jackson received an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point, served in the U. S. Army during the Mexican–American War of 1846–1848 and distinguished himself at Chapultepec (1847). From 1851 to 1863 he taught at the Virginia Military Institute, where he was unpopular with his students. During this time, he married twice. His first wife died, but his second, Mary Anna Morrison, outlived him by many years. When Virginia seceded from the Union in May 1861 after the attack on Fort Sumter (12 April 1861), Jackson followed it and joined the Confederate Army. He distinguished himself commanding a brigade at the First Battle of Bull Run (21 July 1861) the following month, providing crucial reinforcements and beating back a fierce Union assault. In this context Barnard Elliott Bee Jr., allegedly highlighting Jackson's courage and tenacity, compared him to a "stone wall", hence his enduring nickname. Jackson performed audaciously in 1862's campaigns in the Shenandoah Valley. Despite an initial defeat due largely to faulty intelligence, through swift and careful maneuvers Jackson was able to defeat three separate Union armies and prevent any of them from reinforcing General George B. Mc Clellan 's Army of the Potomac in its campaign against Richmond. Jackson then quickly moved his three divisions to reinforce General Lee's Army of Northern Virginia in its defense of Richmond. His performance in the subsequent Seven Days Battles (June–July 1862) against George B. Mc Clellan 's Army of the Potomac was poor, but did not cost the Confederacy the battles. During the Northern Virginia Campaign that summer, Jackson's troops captured and destroyed an important supply depot for General John Pope 's Army of Virginia, and then withstood repeated assaults from Pope's troops at the Second Battle of Bull Run (August 1862). Jackson's troops played a prominent role in September's Maryland Campaign, capturing the town of Harpers Ferry, an important strategic location, and providing an important defense of the Confederate Army's 
What you need to know about alopecia areata Alopecia areata is an autoimmune disease. Autoimmune means that the body's immune system attacks the body. When alopecia areata develops, the body attacks its own hair follicles. A person's genetic makeup, combined with other factors, triggers this form of hair loss.
Kevlar is a fabric, which spreads the impact of a bullet across a larger area. The blade of a knife can slip between the threads of the fabric. A fragmenting bullet is still lead, which is soft, and warps before passing through the weave. A lead knife probably would be stopped by kevlar, but a steel knife wouldn't be.
Error Error Home Error Whoops!The page you were looking for could not be located on our site. Please try entering the information you were looking for into our search: Search Get Involved Donate Today Sign a Petition Donate Monthly Nearby Events Get the Latest Updates Sign Up Now What's Trending Recovering America's Wildlife Act Our declining wildlife need urgent protection before they face serious risk of extinction. This bold vision for conservation funding could be the solution. Read More Protect Polar Bears From Drilling Urge Congress to stand up for polar bears and their young by opposing drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Read More Help Save African Elephants Students ages 9-18 are invited to share their big idea through the "Every Elephant Counts" contest for a chance to win a trip to Botswana. Read More Wildlife Guide Get to know the amazing wildlife in your backyard and beyond. Read More Happening Near You You don't have to travel far to join us for an event. Attend an upcoming event with one of our regional centers or affiliates. Learn More ABOUT US CONTACT US MAGAZINES BLOG ACTION CENTER CAREERSThe National Wildlife Federation Uniting all Americans to ensure wildlife thrive in a rapidly changing world PO Box 1583, Merrifield, VA 22116-1583800.822.9919Meet Ranger Rick Our beloved wildlife ambassador has been creating lifelong connections with nature for generations. Learn More National Wildlife Federation is a 501 (c) (3) non-profit organization Terms & Disclosures Site Map Privacy Policy Language 
how can i extract audio from a video file through java program
Ford Explorer Front Strut Replacement Cost Ford Explorer Front Strut Replacement Cost Know what price you should pay to get your vehicle fixed. Estimator / Ford / Explorer / Front Strut Replacement Cost The average cost for a Ford Explorer Strut/Shock Absorber Replacement - Front is between $373 and $437. Labor costs are estimated between $140 and $178 while parts are priced between $233 and $259. Estimate does not include taxes and fees. View repair cost for a different car Get a repair estimate for your car Submit What is a front strut/shock absorber? A front strut, commonly called a Mac Pherson strut, is a suspension assembly that is integral to the front suspension and steering system of a vehicle. A loaded front strut assembly consists of two basic components, a coil spring and a shock absorber. The coil spring is in place to support the weight of the vehicle and to absorb large bumps. It allows the front suspension to travel up and down so that the vehicle body can remain stable. The shock absorber runs through the center of the spring and eases smaller bumps, dampens vibrations, and lends stability to the vehicle. How does the front strut/shock absorber work? The two components of a loaded front strut - the coil spring and the shock absorber - are mounted together in an assembly that is connected to the vehicle's steering knuckle. The steering knuckle is attached to the steering system by way of the tie rod so that the front wheels can be turned. The top of the strut assembly bolts to the vehicle body in the strut tower, where it is able to pivot when the steering wheel is turned. The bottom is connected (by way of the steering knuckle) to the lower control arm and wheel hub. The strut assembly allows the vehicle suspension to rotate while it absorbs impact from rough terrain, helps maintain contact between the tires and the ground, and offers a smoother ride for passengers. Find a Certified Mechanic Find a high quality auto repair shop or dealer near youx What are the symptoms related to a bad front strut/shock absorber? Worn front struts result in diminished ride quality that might feel “soft,” as the vehicle leans excessively during turns, and bounces over bumps. The shock absorber in the strut may leak when it is worn. The strut may also cause a knocking or rattling sound if it is worn, damaged, or broken. If the vehicle leans excessively in turns, and bounces up and down over bumps, the struts are likely worn. If the strut rattles or knocks over bumps, it may be broken. Can I drive with a front strut/shock absorber problem? A vehicle with worn front struts can be driven, but the ride quality will be diminished, and, more importantly, the vehicle's handling will be compromised. A car's ability to remain level while turning, with traction spread between all four wheels, is dependent on the struts. As the condition of the front struts worsens, the ability of the suspension to perform properly, especially in an emergency situation, also worsens. Loss of control and chance of vehicle rollover can be the result of severely worn struts. If a front strut is broken (rather than worn), the vehicle should not be driven until the strut can be replaced. How often do front strut/shock absorbers need to be replaced? There is no replacement schedule for front struts, through many vehicles will need to have them changed at some point. Rough driving habits may shorten the life of these parts. Struts may need to be replaced anywhere between 50k and 100k miles. If at any time the struts are leaking, broken, or damaged, they should be replaced immediately. Struts should always be replaced in pairs. Related Ford Explorer Estimates Wheel Bearing Replacement - Front$387 - $497Radiator Replacement$562 - $828Head Gasket Replacement$1174 - $1638Water Pump Replacement$309 - $518Spark Plug Replacement$177 - $242Ball Joint Replacement - Lower$223 - $332Thermostat Replacement$113 - $155Brake Pad Replacement$165 - $230Fuel Pump Replacement$548 - $750Brake Rotor Replacement$397 - $554How are front strut/shock absorber issues diagnosed? Worn,
Is Sesame Oil Healthy? Is Sesame Oil Healthy?by JINAN BANNA Oct. 03, 2017Fat serves a variety of roles in the body, including insulation and cushioning of organs. You can obtain fat in your diet through several sources, but oils of plant origin are generally healthier than animal-source fats because of their decreased saturated-fat content. Sesame oil, which is extracted from sesame seeds, is a healthy source of fat, with a small amount of saturated fat and large amounts of heart-healthy fat. Video of the Day Error loading player: Flash plugin failed to load Calories Sesame oil is pure fat, so it is high in calories compared to other foods. One tablespoon contains 120 calories, or approximately 6 percent of the total calories needed daily for someone who consumes 2,000 calories. All other oils contain the same number of calories per tablespoon, as they are also composed only of fat. Use sesame oil in moderation to keep your intake under control. Unsaturated Fat The fat found in sesame oil is mostly "healthy" fat; 1 tbsp. contains 8 g of monounsaturated fat, which is comparable to olive oil, which has 10 g in 1 tbsp. Sesame oil also contains some polyunsaturated fat, with 2 g in 1 tbsp., compared to 4 g in olive oil. Both types of fat increase "good" HDL cholesterol and decrease "bad" LDL cholesterol. Saturated Fat There is not a high amount of saturated fat in sesame oil, with 2 g in 1 tbsp. Olive oil contains the same amount. Saturated fat has been shown to increase risk of heart disease by increasing harmful LDL cholesterol and decreasing beneficial HDL. Vitamins and Minerals Sesame oil does not contain vitamins and minerals in significant amounts; 1 tbsp. contains only 0.19 mg vitamin E and 1.8 mcg vitamin K. Sesame seeds in their whole form, however, contain larger amounts of nutrients, with 88 mg calcium, 32 mg magnesium, 42 mg potassium and 9 mcg folate. Lose Weight. Feel Great!Change your life with My Plate by LIVE STRONG . COMGOALGENDER AGEWEIGHT HEIGHTGET MY CALORIE GOALYOU MIGHT ALSO LIKEFat Content of Sesame Seeds Coconut Oil and Belly Fat Is Sesame Oil a Bad Fat? What Does Sesame Oil Do Topically to the Eye Skin Area? Can Coconut Oil Clog Arteries? List of Foods Containing Vegetable Fat Is Cottonseed Oil Healthy? Canola Oil Vs. Sunflower Oil Are Sesame Sticks Healthy? Comparison of Sesame Oil & Olive Oil What Is the Nutritional Difference Between Hulled & Unhulled Sesame Seeds? Is Soybean Oil Good or Bad for You? List of Foods With Lipids Monounsaturated Fat Vs. Polyunsaturated Fat List of Foods That Are High in Saturated Fat and Trans Fatty Acids Adverse Effects of Palm Oil Are Japanese Rice Crackers Healthy? How to Replace Butter for Olive Oil Is Flaxseed Oil or Olive Oil Better? What Are the Health Benefits of Margarine vs. Butter? 
No. Even in a nebula the gasses are absurdly sparse, and not even within several orders of magnitude of the density we'd need to breathe. And that's assuming it's pure oxygen, which it obviously wouldn't be.
Separation barrier populated Free Zone. The Berlin Wall was a barrier that divided Berlin from 1961 to 1989, constructed by the German Democratic Republic (GDR, East Germany) starting on 13 August 1961, that completely cut off (by land) West Berlin from surrounding East Germany and from East Berlin until it was opened in November 1989. Its demolition officially began on 13 June 1990 and was completed in 1992. The barrier included guard towers placed along large concrete walls, which circumscribed a wide area (later known as the "death strip") that contained anti-vehicle trenches, "fakir beds" and other defenses. The Eastern Bloc claimed
Well you can accumulate a voltage of between [1000 and 10000 volts](_URL_0_) with static electricity and most electric fly swatters have a voltage of 1500 volts or less, so I would assume it is safe to say that a fly could be killed with a static charge.
Sapir-Whorf hypothesis We control what you think with Language Said and done Champagne socialist Conservative correctness Constructed language Esperanto (Esperanto)Heaven OLiterature Novlangue Polygenesis WASPJargon, buzzwords, slogans Alt-right glossary IBGYBGManosphere glossary Mass immigration Misandry Social justice warrior Technobabble The powers that be WOMBATv - t - e The high school yearbook of society Sociology Memorable cliques Appropriate technology Conflict theory Ethnic cleansing Social constructionism Wilderness therapy World report on violence and health Class projects Hip-hop Journalism Marriage Pan-Arabism Religion Romav - t - e The Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, more accurately referred to as linguistic relativity, posits that the language we use can influence and even control how we see the world, the categories we make, and the associations we make about those categories. On the one hand, it is a strong form of social constructionism. On the other hand, it has its origins in Romantic era ideas of national mysticism, in which languages were thought to embody a Volksgeist, a "national spirit" and identity of the people who spoke them. [1] The hypothesis asserts that aspects of language, including not only the ideas specified in its lexicon, but even technical details such as the ways it uses to specify grammatical tenses and its use of copulas, all create a complex gestalt or world view that can only be imperfectly translated to another language. Contents [ hide ]1 Weak and strong2 Popular incarnations2.1 Eskimo snow3 See also4 External links5 Notes Weak and strong [ edit]It comes in two forms, the weak hypothesis and strong hypothesis, although this distinction originates with neither Sapir nor Whorf. [2] The strong version states that language influences how we think and allows us particular modes of thought, creating our cognitive categories which in turn control cognitive processes. This is also referred to as linguistic determinism. The weak version states that our linguistic categories merely influence our thoughts, but do not create or control the cognitive processes, or restrict certain thoughts because the language terms do not exist (as in Newspeak). There is no hard and fast boundary between the "weak" and "strong" versions of linguistic relativity; they merely open up debate as to the strength of the effect language has on thought processes. Most research into language disfavours the strongest formulations of the idea, and so remaining controversies are as to the scale extent that language does influence thought and whether experimental observations can be explained by other cultural factors. Popular incarnations [ edit]The limitation of thought and action by the control of language is the principle behind George Orwell's " Newspeak ." As Orwell explains in the appendix to Nineteen Eighty-Four :“”...a heretical thought - that is, a thought diverging from the principles of Ing Soc - should be literally unthinkable, at least so far as thought is dependent on words. The principles of Newspeak relied on strong linguistic relativity, which does not have much empirical support as being the case. Concepts and thought are not controlled and limited by language, but they are influenced for instance in the naming of colours, language plays a key part in what colours people can describe in a single word and research suggests an order in which they are prioritised. All languages at least have words for "black" and "white", but purple and pink are often left indescribable until the language is given more terms to describe colours. This doesn't mean that the very concept of those distinct colours is impossible to think about, as the strong Sapir-Whorf hypothesis may seem to suggest. A language can always name colors for which it lacks specific terms with compounds or words for objects bearing that color (just as crayon manufacturers come up with names like orange-red and cornflower). A few languages, like the Pirahã language, lack specific words for anything besides light and dark, but far from being unable to v
Kenning: Poems & Examples Instructions: Choose an answer and hit 'next'. You will receive your score and answers at the end.question 1 of 3A kenning is a...metaphorical representationpoetic meterdramatic monologuemetrical foot Next 
Can stress cause a light period? Pregnancy & Parenting Pregnancy Can stress cause a light period? Hmm.. I waws a virgin and had sex on my period. The guy used the pull out method. ha! My period came on time but was very light and only lasted two or three days. I have been under alot of stress and had the flu the past 4 days. Could this cause the light period or am I pregnant? Update: p.s. I took 3 home pregnancy tests and they were all negative. Follow 5 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: stress can do alot to a person. if you had sex on your period then chances are your not!! having all this plus the flu has probably just really backed you up!! wait and see what your next period is like hon!!! you should be safe!!! how bout thinking about birth control now!!!!!! !sherry s · 1 decade ago1 0 Comment Stress can cause your periods to be light , heavy or just not show up at all.... Go to a clinic or doctor to make 100% sure your not pregnant ( that will help with the stress) and next time be smart and protect yourself ( don't depend on any method that a guy tells you ) it's your body besides getting pregnant you can end up with alot of other problems ..... Good Luckvickie b · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Stress can cause several things to happen to your period. It can make it lighter, heavier, possibly even miss your period. When your bodies balance gets upset it can mess with you several ways. Regulation of menstrual periods is controlled by a complex hormonal balance. Likewise, the body's reaction to stress involves changes in the levels of many hormones. Because it affects hormone balance and many other processes in the body, psychological stress can also interfere with the menstrual cycle. In fact, stress is considered to be a common cause of missed or late menstrual periods.christopher · 2 years ago0 0 Commentyes stress can cause a late period i would go to the dr or a health department if you have one where you live. just to make sure sometimes the tests can lie. Source (s):mother of a 7 month old and 5 months pregnantloveshane_1 · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment I dunno... stress usually throws off my cycle considerably. I think it varies by the person. Industrial Girl86 · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Masters of marketing online Need an electronic signature? Want to build your own website? Looking for a new chandelier? 
Alabama Code Title 28. Intoxicating Liquor, Malt Beverages, and Wine Â§ 28-1-5 Alabama Code Title 28. Intoxicating Liquor, Malt Beverages, and Wine § 28-1-5. Search Code of Alabama. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 26-1-1, it shall be unlawful for a person less than 21 years of age to purchase, consume, possess, or to transport any alcohol, liquor or malt or brewed beverages within the State of Alabama.
10 Strangest Endurance Contests 10 Strangest Endurance Contests March 28, 2014 by Steve Moramarco Cateogory: Misc68,912 views1 Ferret-Legging 5 Hours 30 Minutes Is that a ferret in your trousers or are you just happy to see me? Why oh why would you put a live ferret down your pants? Because you are a contestant in a Ferret-Legging contest! This “sport” was thought to have been started by coal miners in 1970s Yorkshire, England who apparently were gluttons for punishment. The goal is simple enough: keep the ferret – who has not been defanged or declawed – in your trousers for as long as you can. From 2003-2009 the unusual endurance event took place in Richmond, Virginia and the longest time is 5 hours 30 minutes. Watch some competitors below:ferret in your trousers Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:00 / 2:47Source Photo2 Living 23 Days in a Trash-Filled Ford Ranger Sritharan Amordalingam recently won an unusual endurance contest which took place in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. On Feb 25, 2014, four people climbed into a new Ford Ranger, albeit one filled with trash. It was a contest sponsored by radio station hitz fm called “Ford: Live In It To Win It." Contestants had to remain in the car without showering, air conditioning, or being able to move about in the vehicle (but thankfully they were allowed a 15-minute bathroom break every 3 hours. )Twenty-three days later, Sritharan was the only one left in the hot, smelly car, and he drove away the prize. Source Photo15 Scariest Looking People That Actually Exist CNN Refuses To Show This Hillary Video. Click Here To Watch13 Brutal Wedding Night Photos Shared By Husband?3 Touching a Truck for 77 Hours Image from the documentary Hands on a Hardbody It sounds so easy. Just touch something as long as you can, in this case a truck, but as the minutes, hours, and even days slip away, it becomes extremely difficult to stay awake with your hands on the hood. The most famous event was called “Hands on a Hardbody” and first began in 1992, at a Nissan dealer in Texas (a Hardbody is a type of Nissan truck). Participants were allowed a 5-minute break every hour and 15 minutes every six; that competition lasted 87 hours. In 1995, the now-annual event was the subject of a documentary of the same name, this time lasting 77 hours. The film became a cult classic and spawned a Broadway musical. Famed director Robert Altman was rumored to be working on a fictional adaptation before he died. In 2005, one contestant, Richard Vega, dropped out after 48 hours, then walked across the street, stole a gun and killed himself. His wife sued the dealership, accusing them of “brainwashing” contestants, causing them to temporarily go insane. The matter was settled out of court for an undisclosed sum and the contest was discontinued. Source 1, Source 2 Photo4 5,152 Hour Dance Marathon The final four couples from that record-breaking marathon During the Great Depression of the 1930s, dance marathons were extremely popular in the United States as people needed money and (presumably) had a lot of free time. These took place in ballrooms across the country and were quite the spectacle. They all had different rules for breaks, but the longest one on record for that period was won by Mike Ritof and Edith Boudreaux who somehow slow-danced from August 29, 1930, to April 1, 1931 for a total of 5,5152 hours. For their efforts they took home a $2000 (worth about $28,000 today). Eventually, dance marathons were banned in the US. Here's one from 1931 Chicago: Dance Marathon (c.1931) Chicago Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:00 / 5:15Source Photo5 Longest Kissing Contest: 58 Hours 35 Minutes, 58 Seconds The kissing couple on the way to the bathroom On Valentine's Day 2013 a new Guinness World Record was achieved for longest kissing contest. Ekkachai and Laksana Tiranarat from Bankok won the record wit
- 1 Have the equivalent of at least two years clinical experience as a dentist. 2  Complete an accredited three year full-time university degree in orthodontics. 3  Be registered as a Specialist in Orthodontics.
43 Tips On How To Get Rid Of Plaque In Arteries & Veins Naturally 1 Leg pain refers to any kind of pain that occurs between the heels and the pelvis. 2  Many causes of leg pain are obvious, such as injury after an accident.  Leg pain can have less obvious causes, such as peripheral artery disease.
How Long to Keep Records for Business Taxes How Long to Keep Records for Business Taxes The length of time you need to keep records depends on the action or expense each document records. You may need to hold on to some records permanently, but typically for business taxes, you only need to keep records supporting income or deductions on a return until the period of limitations for that return is up. The period of limitations is the time-span you can amend a tax return to get credit or a refund. Even if you no longer need records for tax purposes, you may still decide to keep them, as other organizations may require them. Get started Ask a Lawyer a Question You'll hear back in one business day. Here are some of the standard limitation periods on tax-related documents, according to the IRS: If you owe additional taxes, keep records for 3 years If you do not report income that should have been reported, and it exceeds 25% of the gross income on your return, keep records for 6 years If you file a fraudulent return, keep records indefinitely If you do not file a return, keep records indefinitely If you file a claim for credit or refund after filing your return, keep records for 3 years from the filing of the original return If you file a claim for a loss due to bad debt deduction or worthless securities, keep records for 7 years Keep all employment records for at least 4 years after the tax is due or paid Some business records should be kept permanently: Audit reports and charts of accounts Canceled checks for important payments Records of capital stocks and bonds Cash books Contracts and leases still in effect Legal correspondence Deeds, mortgages, bills of sale End of year financial statements Insurance records Minutes, bylaws and charters Property appraisals and records State and federal income tax returns Trademark registrations Other records are commonly kept only up to seven years: Accident reports and claims Ledgers and schedules for accounts payable and receivable Bank statements Most canceled checks Expired contracts and leases Product, material and supply inventory Customer and vendor invoices Ledger and schedules for notes receivable Option records Payroll account records Purchase orders Sales records Canceled stock and bond certificates Vouchers For more information about business taxes, go to www.irs.gov. Get started Ask a Lawyer a Question You'll hear back in one business day. This article contains general legal information and does not contain legal advice. Rocket Lawyer is not a law firm or a substitute for an attorney or law firm. The law is complex and changes often. For legal advice, please ask a lawyer. SHARE THIS ARTICLE 
This comment is not toxic.
Delete a reminder.
Battle of Reims (1814) heavy casualties and the defeats at Craonne and Laon. According to the historian F.W.O. Maycock, success at Reims was, "surely one of the greatest triumphs of [Napoleon's] remarkable career, and speaks volumes for his powers as a leader of men". Napoleon once again interposed between the forces of Blücher and Schwarzenberg, putting him in position to move on the latter's line of communications. Battle of Reims (1814) The Battle of Reims (12–13 March 1814) was fought at Reims, France between an Imperial French army commanded by Emperor Napoleon and a combined Russian-Prussian corps led by General Emmanuel de Saint-Priest. On
Electromagnet From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For a broader coverage related to this topic, see Electromagnetism. A simple electromagnet consisting of a coil of wire wrapped around an iron core. A core of ferromagnetic material like iron serves to increase the magnetic field created. [1] The strength of magnetic field generated is proportional to the amount of current through the winding. [1]Magnetic field produced by a solenoid (coil of wire). This drawing shows a cross section through the center of the coil. The crosses are wires in which current is moving into the page; the dots are wires in which current is moving up out of the page. An electromagnet is a type of magnet in which the magnetic field is produced by an electric current. The magnetic field disappears when the current is turned off. Electromagnets usually consist of wire wound into a coil. A current through the wire creates a magnetic field which is concentrated in the hole in the center of the coil. The wire turns are often wound around a magnetic core made from a ferromagnetic or ferrimagnetic material such as iron; the magnetic core concentrates the magnetic flux and makes a more powerful magnet. The main advantage of an electromagnet over a permanent magnet is that the magnetic field can be quickly changed by controlling the amount of electric current in the winding. However, unlike a permanent magnet that needs no power, an electromagnet requires a continuous supply of current to maintain the magnetic field. Electromagnets are widely used as components of other electrical devices, such as motors, generators, electromechanical solenoids, relays, loudspeakers, hard disks, MRI machines, scientific instruments, and magnetic separation equipment. Electromagnets are also employed in industry for picking up and moving heavy iron objects such as scrap iron and steel. [2]Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Uses of electromagnets3 Simple solenoid4 Physics4.1 Ampere's law4.2 Magnetic core4.3 Magnetic circuit – the constant B field approximation4.4 Magnetic field created by a current4.5 Force exerted by magnetic field4.6 Closed magnetic circuit4.7 Force between electromagnets5 Side effects5.1 Ohmic heating5.2 Inductive voltage spikes5.3 Lorentz forces5.4 Core losses6 High field electromagnets6.1 Superconducting electromagnets6.2 Bitter electromagnets6.3 Explosively pumped flux compression7 Definition of terms8 See also9 References10 External links History [ edit]Sturgeon's electromagnet, 1824 One of Henry's electromagnets that could lift hundreds of pounds, 1830s Closeup of a large Henry electromagnet Danish scientist Hans Christian Ørsted discovered in 1820 that electric currents create magnetic fields. British scientist William Sturgeon invented the electromagnet in 1824. [3] [4] His first electromagnet was a horseshoe-shaped piece of iron that was wrapped with about 18 turns of bare copper wire ( insulated wire didn't exist yet). The iron was varnished to insulate it from the windings. When a current was passed through the coil, the iron became magnetized and attracted other pieces of iron; when the current was stopped, it lost magnetization. Sturgeon displayed its power by showing that although it only weighed seven ounces (roughly 200 grams), it could lift nine pounds (roughly 4 kilos) when the current of a single-cell battery was applied. However, Sturgeon's magnets were weak because the uninsulated wire he used could only be wrapped in a single spaced out layer around the core, limiting the number of turns. Beginning in 1830, US scientist Joseph Henry systematically improved and popularized the electromagnet. [5] [6] By using wire insulated by silk thread, and inspired by Schweigger 's use of multiple turns of wire to make a galvanometer, [7] he was able to wind multiple layers of wire on cores, creating powerful magnets with thousands of turns of wire, including one that could support 2,063 lb (936 kg). The first major use for electromagnets was in telegraph sounders. The magnetic domain theory of how ferromagnetic cores work was first prop
Ounces to Teaspoon Conversion (fl oz to tsp) Home » Volume Conversion » Ounces Ounces to Teaspoon Conversion (fl oz to tsp)Please enter ounces (fl oz) value of volume unit to convert ounces to teaspoon. Ounces (fl oz)↺Decimals1 fl oz = 6 tsp Facebook Google+ Twitter » Teaspoon to Ouncesfl oz: Ounces, tsp: Teaspoon How Many Teaspoon in a Ounce? There are 6 teaspoon in a ounce. 1 Ounce is equal to 6 Teaspoon. 1 fl oz = 6 tsp Ounces Definition Known as the US fluid ounce, the unit of volume for liquid substances is used as ounce in the US and other countries practicing the US Customary system. It is equals to approximately 1/8 of US cup, 1/16 of US pint, approximately 1.040842731 Imperial Fluid Ounces, 2 tablespoons or 6 teaspoons. The name ounce is derived from an old Latin word Onza, and the symbol adopted for this unit is fl oz. Convert Ounces Teaspoon Definition A teaspoon as a volume measuring unit is widely used in cooking, pharmaceutical medicine, and some other areas. A teaspoon is a very convenient unit of volume used since the middle of the 17 th century. It is roughly equal to 1/3 rd of a tablespoon, 1/48 th of a US cup, 1/3 rd of a cubic inch, or 5 m L. This unit can be abbreviated to tsp. Convert Teaspoon About fl oz to tsp Converter This is a very easy to use ounces to teaspoon converter . First of all just type the ounces (fl oz) value in the text field of the conversion form to start converting fl oz to tsp , then select the decimals value and finally hit convert button if auto calculation didn't work. Teaspoon value will be converted automatically as you type. The decimals value is the number of digits to be calculated or rounded of the result of ounces to teaspoon conversion. You can also check the ounces to teaspoon conversion chart below, or go back to ounces to teaspoon converter to top. Ounces to Teaspoon Conversion Examples1 fl oz = 6 Teaspoon Example for 0.25 Ounces: 0.25 Ounces = 0.25 (Ounces) 0.25 Ounces = 0.25 x (6 Teaspoon) 0.25 Ounces = 1.5 Teaspoon Example for 2 Ounces: 2 Ounces = 2 (Ounces) 2 Ounces = 2 x (6 Teaspoon) 2 Ounces = 12 Teaspoon Example for 1.4 Ounces: 1.4 Ounces = 1.4 (Ounces) 1.4 Ounces = 1.4 x (6 Teaspoon) 1.4 Ounces = 8.4 Teaspoon Ounces to Teaspoon Conversion Chart Ounces Teaspoon1 fl oz 6 tsp2 fl oz 12 tsp3 fl oz 18 tsp4 fl oz 24 tsp5 fl oz 30 tsp6 fl oz 36 tsp7 fl oz 42 tsp8 fl oz 48 tsp9 fl oz 54 tsp10 fl oz 60 tsp11 fl oz 66 tsp12 fl oz 72 tsp13 fl oz 78 tsp14 fl oz 84 tsp15 fl oz 90 tsp16 fl oz 96 tsp17 fl oz 102 tsp18 fl oz 108 tsp19 fl oz 114 tsp20 fl oz 120 tsp21 fl oz 126 tsp22 fl oz 132 tsp23 fl oz 138 tsp24 fl oz 144 tsp25 fl oz 150 tsp26 fl oz 156 tsp27 fl oz 162 tsp28 fl oz 168 tsp29 fl oz 174 tsp30 fl oz 180 tsp31 fl oz 186 tsp32 fl oz 192 tsp33 fl oz 198 tsp34 fl oz 204 tsp35 fl oz 210 tsp36 fl oz 216 tsp37 fl oz 222 tsp38 fl oz 228 tsp39 fl oz 234 tsp40 fl oz 240 tsp41 fl oz 246 tsp42 fl oz 252 tsp43 fl oz 258 tsp44 fl oz 264 tsp45 fl oz 270 tsp46 fl oz 276 tsp47 fl oz 282 tsp48 fl oz 288 tsp49 fl oz 294 tsp50 fl oz 300 tsp Ounces Teaspoon50 fl oz 300 tsp55 fl oz 330 tsp60 fl oz 360 tsp65 fl oz 390 tsp70 fl oz 420 tsp75 fl oz 450 tsp80 fl oz 480 tsp85 fl oz 510 tsp90 fl oz 540 tsp95 fl oz 570 tsp100 fl oz 600 tsp105 fl oz 630 tsp110 fl oz 660 tsp115 fl oz 690 tsp120 fl oz 720 tsp125 fl oz 750 tsp130 fl oz 780 tsp135 fl oz 810 tsp140 fl oz 840 tsp145 fl oz 870 tsp150 fl oz 900 tsp155 fl oz 930 tsp160 fl oz 960 tsp165 fl oz 990 tsp170 fl oz 1020 tsp175 fl oz 1050 tsp180 fl oz 1080 tsp185 fl oz 1110 tsp190 fl oz 1140 tsp195 fl oz 1170 tsp200 fl oz 1200 tsp205 fl oz 1230 tsp210 fl oz 1260 tsp215 fl oz 1290 tsp220 fl oz 1320 tsp225 fl oz 1350 tsp230 fl oz 1380 tsp235 fl oz 1410 tsp240 fl oz 1440 tsp245 fl oz 1470 tsp250 fl oz 1500 tsp255 fl oz 1530 tsp260 fl oz 1560 tsp265 fl oz 1590 tsp270 fl oz 1620 tsp275 fl oz 1650 tsp280 fl oz 1680 tsp285 fl oz 1710 tsp290 fl oz 1740 tsp295 fl oz 1770 tsp Ounces to Teaspoon Common Values1 fl oz = 6 tsp0.25 fl oz = 1.5 tsp2 fl oz = 12 tsp0.5 fl oz = 3 tsp3 fl oz = 18 tsp0.2 fl oz = 1.2 tsp8 fl oz = 48 tsp1.5 fl oz = 9 tsp0.1 fl 
In 1970, the New Haven Black Panther trials took place, the largest and longest trials in Connecticut history. Black Panther Party co-founder Bobby Seale and ten other Party members were tried for murdering an alleged informant. Beginning on May Day, the city became a center of protest for 12,000 Panther supporters, college students, and New Left activists (including Jean Genet, Benjamin Spock, Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, and John Froines), who amassed on the New Haven Green, across the street from where the trials were being held. Violent confrontations between the demonstrators and the New Haven police occurred, and several bombs were set off in the area by radicals. The event became a rallying point for the New Left and critics of the Nixon Administration.
Wages have not kept pace with inflation since the late 1970's. If they had, minimum wage today would be around $20. productivity and corporate profits are higher than ever before, but that wealth has all been consolidated amongst the top .1% of earners. Because of this, it is no longer possible for most families to survive from one income. Here are some enlightening charts showing this data.  Top earners wages have gone up 138% since 1979, while middle class wages only increased 6%.  _URL_0_
George Washington Biography George Washington Biography. George Washington (1732–1799) was commander in chief of the American and French forces in the American Revolution (1775–83) and became the first president of the United States. George Washington was born at Bridges Creek (later known as Wakefield) in Westmoreland County, Virginia, on February 22, 1732. His father died when he was eleven years old, and the boy spent the next few years living in different households throughout Virginia.
NYT Opinion: A Progressive Way to Replace Corporate Taxes
Ohio and Erie Canal It is a four-mile (6 km) section within the village of Valley View comprising three locks, the Tinkers Creek Aqueduct, and two other structures. A remaining watered section of the Ohio & Erie Canal is located in Summit County, Ohio. The Ohio & Erie Canal is maintained, to this day, as a water supply for local industries. After the flood, a few sections of the canal continued in use hauling cargo to local industries.
Fire and Ice (Hunter novel) Fire and Ice is a children's fantasy novel, the second book in the "Warriors" series, written by Kate Cary under the pen name of Erin Hunter. The plot centers around Fireheart and Graystripe, newly promoted warriors of ThunderClan, which is one of the four groups of feral cats living in the wilderness. Fireheart learns that his best friend Graystripe has fallen in love with Silverstream, a warrior from RiverClan, even though it is against the cats' "warrior code".
Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young work in other groups (Crosby for the Byrds, Stills for Buffalo Springfield and Nash for the Hollies). Neil Young has also been inducted as a solo artist and as a member of Buffalo Springfield. Prior to the formation of CSN, each member of the band had belonged to another prominent group. David Crosby played guitar, sang and wrote songs with the Byrds; Stephen Stills had been a guitarist, keyboardist, vocalist and songwriter in the band Buffalo Springfield (which also featured Neil Young); and Graham Nash had been a guitarist, singer and songwriter with The Hollies. Due to internal friction, Crosby
This comment is not toxic.
Come & watch sport with the cape crew & our avid cape crusaders The Cape of Good Hope. A True Canalside Pub - The Grand Union Canal is just a few feet from the front door, adjacent to Cape top lock on the Grand Union Canal. Open All Day Every Day for Food & Drink from 11. Our full menu is available from 12 - 9:15pm. We love our Real Ales & won awards in Camra Pub of the Year 2016.
NBC This Is Us Renewed for Season 2 By NBC. This Is Us Season 2 release date – Fall 2017; official date coming soon. Bookmark or keep this page handy so you don’t miss the return of This Is Us! About This Is Us. *This Is Us Season 1B release date - January 10, 2017 on NBC. NOTE: NBC has renewed This Is Us for TWO additional seasons (Season 2 and 3), to air Fall 2017 and Fall 2018, respectively. Sometimes life will surprise you.
What is BASE PAIRING RULE? What is BASE PAIRING RULE? A rule which states that DNA from any cell should have a 1:1 ratio of pyrimidine and purine bases: amount of guanine should be equal to the amount of cytosine and the amount of adenine should be equal to the amount of thymine. This pattern refers to both strands of the DNA.
Kristen Stewart Kristen Jaymes Stewart ( born ) is an American actress and model . Born in Los Angeles to parents working in show business , Stewart began her acting career in 1999 with uncredited roles and a minor character appearance in several films . She gained notice in 2002 for playing Jodie Foster 's daughter in the thriller Panic Room , which garnered her a Young Artist Award nomination for Best Leading Actress in a Feature Film . She went on to star in Speak ( 2004 ) , Catch That Kid ( 2004 ) , Zathura ( 2005 ) , and Into The Wild ( 2007 ) , for which she was nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award . She received widespread recognition in 2008 for playing Bella Swan in The Twilight Saga film series ( 2008 -- 12 ) , which grossed over $ 3.3 billion worldwide .   Stewart has appeared in a wide variety of films , including Adventureland ( 2009 ) , The Runaways ( 2010 ) , Snow White and the Huntsman ( 2012 ) , On the Road ( 2012 ) , Camp X-Ray ( 2014 ) , Still Alice ( 2014 ) and Equals ( 2015 ) . She won the BAFTA Rising Star Award in 2010 and was awarded the Milan International Film Festival Award for Best Actress in 2011 for Welcome to the Rileys ( 2010 ) . In 2015 , she received critical acclaim for her role opposite Juliette Binoche in Clouds of Sils Maria , for which she won a multitude of accolades , including the César Award for Best Supporting Actress , making her the first American actress to win a César Award . She starred in Personal Shopper ( 2016 ) , written for her by director Olivier Assayas , who had worked with her in the previous film .   Stewart was listed as the highest-earning female actress in the Vanity Fair `` Hollywood Top Earners List of 2010 , '' with an estimated earning of $ 28.5 million . In 2011 , she was named number one on Forbes list of `` Hollywood 's Best Actors for the Buck . '' Forbes also named her as the highest paid actress in 2012 , with total earnings of $ 34.5 million . She is the `` face '' of Chanel and Balenciaga fashion brands .
Baker job Description On average, bakers make around $11.50 per hour. Bakers usually start working very early in the morning, and most bakers get their careers started with apprenticeships.n average, bakers make around $11.50 per hour. Bakers usually start working very early in the morning, and most bakers get their careers started with apprenticeships.
What are the functions of the hypodermis? Answers.com® is making the world better one answer at a time. The hypodermis (subcutaneous layer, or superficial fascia) lies between the dermis and underlying tissues and organs. It consists of mostly adipose tissue and is the storage site of most body fat. It serves to fasten the skin to the underlying surface, provides thermal insulation, and absorbs shocks from impacts to the skin.
John Cena John Felix Anthony Cena Jr. ( -LSB- ˈsiːnə -RSB- born April 23 , 1977 ) is an American professional wrestler , rapper , actor , and reality television show host . He is signed to WWE , where he performs on the SmackDown brand . Cena started his professional wrestling career in 1999 with Ultimate Pro Wrestling ( UPW ) and won the UPW Heavyweight Championship the following year . Cena signed a developmental contract with the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , later renamed to World Wrestling Entertainment , or simply WWE ) in 2001 , debuting on the WWE main roster in 2002 .   From a generic character in 2002 , Cena morphed into a rapper for the time period of 2002 -- 2004 , which earned him fame within the audience on SmackDown ! . Cena later transitioned to his current character , which he describes as a `` goody-two shoes Superman '' . However , Cena has been labeled as the `` most polarizing professional wrestler ever '' as his character has many supporters and many detractors , according to Jim Ross of Fox Sports , who also noted that Cena has been WWE 's franchise player for a long-time . In 2012 , IGN described Cena as WWE 's franchise player since 2005 and WWE credited Cena as being the `` face of WWE '' in 2015 since 2004 . Industry veterans John Layfield , Paul Heyman , and Kurt Angle have called Cena the greatest WWE star of all time .   Throughout his WWE career , Cena has won 25 championships , with 16 reigns as a world champion ( 13 times as WWE Champion and three times as WWE 's World Heavyweight Champion ) , an accomplishment only previously achieved by WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair . He is also a five-time United States Champion , and four-time world tag team champion ( two World Tag Team and two WWE Tag Team ) . Furthermore , he is a Money in the Bank ladder match winner ( 2012 ) , a two-time Royal Rumble winner ( 2008 , 2013 ) , and a three-time Superstar of the Year Slammy Award winner ( 2009 , 2010 , 2012 ) . Cena has the fourth-highest number of combined days as WWE Champion , behind Bruno Sammartino , Bob Backlund , and Hulk Hogan . He has also headlined WWE 's flagship event , WrestleMania , on five different occasions ( WrestleManias 22 , 23 , XXVII , XXVIII , and 29 ) over the course of his career , as well as many others pay-per-view events . As of 2016 , John Cena is WWE 's highest-paid wrestler .   Outside of wrestling , Cena has released the rap album You Ca n't See Me , which debuted at No. 15 on the US Billboard 200 chart , and starred in the feature films The Marine ( 2006 ) , 12 Rounds ( 2009 ) , Legendary ( 2010 ) , The Reunion ( 2011 ) , Trainwreck ( 2015 ) , and Sisters ( 2015 ) . Cena has also made appearances on television shows including Manhunt , Deal or No Deal , MADtv , Saturday Night Live , Punk 'd , Psych , and Parks and Recreation . He was also a contestant on Fast Cars and Superstars : The Gillette Young Guns Celebrity Race , where he made it to the final round before being eliminated , placing third in the overall competition . Cena is also the host of American Grit on Fox . Cena is involved in numerous philanthropic causes ; most notably with the Make-A-Wish Foundation . He has granted the most wishes in Make-A-Wish history .
How many years are in a century? 4 centuries is 400 years and a leap year occurs every 4 years, therefore 100 leap years will occur in 4 centuries. 365*300 + 366*100 = 146100 days 1440 minutes in 1 day …1440*146100 = 210384000 minutes in 400 years.
US Want: Bad Company 2; Have: some games. This may be difficult, but I'm still hopeful!

- Assassin's Creed II
- Dead Rising
- Fable II
- Gears of War 1
- Gears of War 2
- The Godfather 2
- Grand Theft Auto IV
- Mass Effect 1
- Modern Warfare 1
- Modern Warfare 2
- Oblivion (regular edition)
- The Orange Box
- Viva Pinata

Totally willing to do a two-fer, since I know my games are mostly outdated. Lemme know!
What is the difference D3 datum vs. data?
Analytical chemistry focuses on the chemical Analytical chemistry focuses on the chemical SCHOOLBrighton High COURSE TITLECHEMISTRY 11-BTYPEHomework Help UPLOADED BYnaynay980PAGES 4This preview shows pages 2–4. Sign up to view the full content. View Full Document Analytical chemistry focuses on the chemical composition and function of matter. Analytical chemists are concerned with reaction rates and levels of chemicals in differenttypes of matter. For example, an analytical chemist might test a patient's blood toinvestigate how a medication is working. An illustration shows a person giving blood. A medical professional puts pressure on theneedle while blood flows into a blood bag. The last branch of chemistry, physical chemistry, deals with the behavior of chemicalsubstances. Physical chemists might test factors that affect breathing rate duringexercise. A photograph shows a person jogging. Although chemistry is subdivided into five distinct categories, none of the branches arecompletely independent of one another. For example, an organic chemist might depend This preview has intentionally blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version. View Full Documenton the work of an analytical chemist to understand the composition of a substance thatshe is studying. The concept map showing the five areas of chemistry—physical chemistry, biochemistry,inorganic chemistry, organic chemistry, and analytical chemistry—is displayed again. Now respond to the following question. Rev i ew Question is displayed with answer choices. Question text: Which branch of chemistry is most likely to involve the study of the Earth’s crust? Answer choices:a) inorganic chemistry.b) organic chemistry.c) physical chemistry. Pause your reader to answer the question. The correct answer is: a) inorganic chemistry. Not only are there five different types of chemistry, there are also two differentapproaches to chemistry: pure chemistry and applied chemistry. Scientists who try toanswer questions about the world around them use applied chemistry. There is a directapplication for what they are researching. This is the end of the preview. Sign up to access the rest of the document. TERM Winter '15PROFESSOR TAGSChemistry, Inorganic Chemistry, Chemistry, Notes,Report View Full Document Most Popular Documents from Brighton High4 pages Chemistry radiisotopes Brighton High CHEMISTRY 11-B - Winter 2015Anna Mikhailova chemistry HH L6 USES OF RADIO ISOTOPES Radioisotopes are used in nucl Chemistry radiisotopes6 pages9702_s05_ms_2Brighton High PHYSICS physics a- - Fall 2013w w ap e P m e tr . X w UNIVERSITY OF CAMBRIDGE INTERNATIONAL EXAMINATIONS om .c s er G9702_s05_ms_26 pages9702_s05_ms_5Brighton High PHYSICS physics a- - Fall 20139702_s05_ms_524 pages9702_s05_qp_6Brighton High PHYSICS physics a- - Fall 20139702_s05_qp_616 pages9702_s06_qp_2Brighton High PHYSICS physics a- - Fall 20139702_s06_qp_25 pages9702_s07_ms_4Brighton High PHYSICS physics a- - Fall 20139702_s07_ms_4Study on the go Download the i OS app Download the Android app Other Related Materials28 pageschapter01Texas A&MCHEMISTRY 101 - Fall 2015CHAPTER 1 Introduction to Chemistry Chemistry is a science that is central to our livchapter01184 pages178658158-General-Chemistry-pdf Bronx Community College CHEMISTRY 11 - Spring 201510/24/13 General Chemistry/Print version - Wikibooks, open books for an open world Ge178658158-General-Chemistry-pdf855 pages Introductory Chemistry Bronx Community College CHEMISTRY 11 - Spring 2015This text was adapted by The Saylor Foundation under a Creative Commons Attribution-NIntroductory Chemistry2 pages Biochemistry is the study of the processes that take place in is focused on the Idaho City High School CHEMISTRY engineer - Spring 2014Name Date Class CHEMISTRY Section Review Objectives Identify five traditional areas HC Ch1 S1W149 pagesgeneral do not contain carbon is called inorganic chemistry Many inorganic Middletown H S North SCIENCE 101 - Spring 20161.1 The Scope of Chemistry > Chapter 1 Introduction to Chemistry 1.1 The Scope of Che CHEM12_C01_L1_LO397 pageschemistry
How do I teach myself how to fight?
Vyt Bakaitis Vyt Bakaitis (born 1940) is an American translator, editor, and poet born in Lithuania and living in New York City. His first collection of poetry "City Country" (1991) was followed by "Deliberate Proof" (2010). Thirst, the magazine he co-edited with Benjamin Sloan, lasted only a few issues, but his translations of Lithuanian poetry are significant; particularly the 20th-century anthology "Breathing Free" (2001), which he also edited. Three additional volumes he translated from the Lithuanian are by contemporary poets Jonas Mekas and Julius Keleras. He was married to the late artist Sharon Gilbert.
prostration definition : prostration Prostration is the placement of the body in a reverentially or submissively prone position as a gesture. Typically prostration is distinguished from the lesser acts of bowing or kneeling by involving a part of the body above the knee touching the ground, especially the hands. Major world religions employ prostration as an act of submissiveness or worship to a supreme being or other worshiped entities (i.e. God or the gods), as in the sajdah of the Islamic prayer, salat, or to show reverence to persons or other elements of the religion. In various cultures and traditions, prostrations are similarly used to show respect to rulers, civil authorities and social elders or superiors, as in the Chinese kowtow or Ancient Persian proskynesis. The act has often traditionally been an important part of religious, civil and traditional rituals and ceremonies, and remains in use in many cultures.==Traditional religious practices==Many religious institutions (listed alphabetically below) use prostrations to embody the lowering, submitting or relinquishing of the individual ego before a greater spiritual power or presence.===Baha'i Faith=== In the Bahá'í Faith, prostrations are performed as a part of one of the alternatives of obligatory prayer (the "Long" one) and in the case of traveling, a prostration is performed in place of each missed obligatory prayer in addition to saying "Glorified be God, the Lord of Might and Majesty, of Grace and Bounty". However, if unable to do so, saying "Glorified be God" is sufficient. There are specifics about where the prostration can take place including, "God hath granted you leave to prostrate yourselves on any surface that is clean..." (note #10) and "He also condemns such practices as prostrating oneself before another person and other forms of behaviour that abase one individual in relation to another". (note #57)===Buddhism===In Buddhism, prostrations are commonly used and the various stages of the physical movement are traditionally counted in threes and related to the Triple Gem, consisting of: * the Awakened One (Sanskrit/Pali: Buddha) (in this meaning, to own potential) * his teaching (Sanskrit: Dharma; Pali: Dhamma ) * his community ( Sangha) of noble disciples ( ariya-savaka ). In addition, different schools within Buddhism use prostrations in various ways, such as the Tibetan tantric preliminary practice of a 100,000 prostrations as a means of overcoming pride (see Ngöndro). Tibetan pilgrims often progress by prostrating themselves fully at each step, then moving forward as they get up, in such a way that they have lain on their face on each part of their route. Each three paces involves a full prostration; the number three is taken to refer to the Triple Gem. This is often done round a stupa, and in an extremely arduous pilgrimage, Mount Kailash is circumnavigated entirely by this method, which takes about four weeks to complete the 52 kilometre route. It is also not unusual to see pilgrims prostrating all the way from their home to Lhasa, sometimes a distance of over 2000 km, the process taking up to two years to complete.===Christianity=== In Christianity, the Eastern Orthodox, Roman Catholic and Anglican churches use full prostrations, lying flat on the floor face down, during the imposition of Holy Orders, Religious Profession and the Consecration of Virgins. Additionally, in the Roman Catholic Church at the beginning of the Good Friday Liturgy, the celebrating priest and the deacon prostrate themselves in front of the altar. Dominican practice on Good Friday services in priory churches includes prostration by all friars in the aisle of the church. In the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches, partial prostrations ("profound bows") can be used in place of genuflections for those who are unable to genuflect. The prostration is always performed before God, and in the case of holy orders, profession or consecration the candidates prostrate themselves in front of the altar which is a symbol of Christ. Lesser prostrations, lit., "low bows" ( zemnoy pok
Through the Wormhole Through the Wormhole is an American science documentary television series narrated and hosted by American actor Morgan Freeman. It began airing on Science in the United States on June 9, 2010. The series concluded its run on May 16, 2017.
- A Chief Engineer earns an average salary of £59,638 per year.Most people in this job have more than five years' experience in related jobs. Chief Engineer earns an average salary of £59,638 per year. Most people in this job have more than five years' experience in related jobs.
What Is an English Roast? An English roast is a cut of beef taken from the shoulder. It is a cut traditionally roasted for Sunday dinner in England. Beef shoulder is the same as beef chuck.
All rain helps for any drought, goes without saying. However, with the years of impact with this major drought, it will take years of normal rain & snow pact to replenish back to "normal".  Snow pact up in the Sierra's is main factor in supplying with water. Even in best of seasons, it can be stressful what with never ending demands continuing to grow with population & agriculture expansions. Well folks, there's only so much to go around, isn't there. California has down the through the ages been known to have dry times & wet times. Water. That precious commodity should be used sparingly no matter what. Just because it's raining cats & dogs now, it may dry up again at any time. "1,549 Cumulative Reported Domestic Well Failures (an increase of 1 from previous report) as of January 3, 2017", in Tulare Co, a major agri. county. ... _URL_0_ But, everyone seems to have to have green lawns and wash their damn car every weekend. grrr.
Whigham, Georgia Whigham, Georgia. Whigham is a city in Grady County, Georgia, United States. The population was 471 at the 2010 census, down from 631 in 2000.
SDK (source development kits), modding tools, 3D design tools, audio production software and many other means. To explain it in detail would overwhelm you.
Online market research: Methods, benefits and issues â Part 1 Journal of Direct, Data and Digital Marketing Practice April 2011, Volume 12, Issue 4 , pp 315–327 | Cite as Online market research: Methods, benefits and issues — Part 1Authors Authors and affiliations Pete Comley Email author Jon Beaumont Pete Comley1Email author Jon Beaumont11. Virtual Surveys Ltd, Faulkner House Manchester UKPaper First Online: 27 April 2011700Downloads2Citations Abstract This paper is an update of one written in 2002, when online surveys had made a significant impact on research in the USA, but were yet to take hold in Europe and elsewhere. This latest paper — part 1 of 2 — describes how online market research has now become a de facto methodology for many organizations. It describes the key drivers for growth of online access panels, plus the benefits, issues and applications of the other main quantitative research tools and techniques, including online surveys, river sampling, client panels and databases, and website visitor surveys. Part 2, to be published in the next issue of JDDDMP, will describe developments in qualitative online market research. Keywordsonline surveys panels communities research quantitative Download article PDFCite article How to cite?. RISPapers Reference Manager Ref Works Zotero. ENWEnd Note. BIBBib Te XJab Ref Mendeley Introduction The online market research landscape: Then and now Quantitative online market research Concluding comments — Part 1References and Notes Copyright information 
At Home: A Short History of Private Life credited in the ample bibliography". At Home: A Short History of Private Life At Home: A Short History of Private Life is a history of domestic life written by Bill Bryson. It was published in May 2010. The book covers topics of the commerce, architecture, technology and geography that have shaped homes into what they are today, told through a series of "tours" through Bryson's Norfolk rectory that quickly digress into the history of each particular room. This chapter starts with Joseph Paxton's Crystal Palace at the Great Exhibition of 1851 and all the difficulties and problems needed to overcome
The regulations forbid embedding non-edible things inside food. While banning bits of plastic in chocolate bars is a good idea in general, it also catches kinder eggs. The legal versions have a ridge on the plastic capsule which sticks out of the chocolate, like [this](_URL_0_). Legally, it's now two pieces of chocolate on the sides of a piece of plastic, not a piece of plastic embedded in a piece of chocolate.
What is the point of (Compactness theorem in the) Overspill principle?
How You Can Nurture A Culture Of Wellness To truly make a difference in your employees’ wellness and sustain those results, an employer needs to create a culture of wellness. A culture of wellness will make health a part of your company’s mission and empower employees to get healthier, happier and more productive by creating healthy habits.
Send a message.
Nanda Devi National Park Nanda Devi National Park The Nanda Devi National Park or Nanda Devi Biosphere Reserve, established in 1982 , is a national park situated around the peak of Nanda Devi (7816 m) in the state of Uttarakhand in northern India. The entire park lies at an elevation of more than above mean sea level. The National Park was inscribed a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1988. The latter was expanded and renamed to Nanda Devi and Valley of Flowers National Parks in 2005. Within the National Park lies the "Nanda Devi Sanctuary", a glacial basin surrounded by a ring of
In turn, according to Kozinski's analysis, the contemporary rule of binding precedent became possible in the U.S. in the nineteenth century only after the creation of a clear court hierarchy (under the Judiciary Acts), and the beginning of regular verbatim publication of U.S. appellate decisions by West Publishing. The rule gradually developed, case-by-case, as an extension of the judiciary's public policy of effective judicial administration (that is, in order to efficiently exercise the judicial power). The rule of precedent is generally justified today as a matter of public policy, first, as a matter of fundamental fairness, and second, because in the absence of case law, it would be completely unworkable for every minor issue in every legal case to be briefed, argued, and decided from first principles (such as relevant statutes, constitutional provisions, and underlying public policies), which in turn would create hopeless inefficiency, instability, and unpredictability, and thereby undermine the rule of law.
Bağcılar Olympic Sport Hall thin-shell structures rising up through it. Bağcılar Olympic Sport Hall Bağcılar Olympic Sport Hall () is a multi-purpose indoor sports complex with Olympic standards located in Bağcılar district of Istanbul, Turkey. Its construction began in 1998 and the sport hall was inaugurated on March 20, 2001 in presence of the Belgian action films actor and former martial arts sportsman Jean-Claude Van Damme. The sports complex is owned by the Metropolitan Municipality of Istanbul. The main hall of the building is suitable for sports events such as basketball, volleyball, badminton, wrestling, handball, tennis, gymnastics, weightlifting, boxing, martial arts, fencing, table tennis
Weird coincidences are a mathematical certainty. Anything that happens to 1 in a million people today will happen to over 7 thousand people today. But to each of them, it will feel like a 1 in a million chance.
Top 7 Companies Owned by Home Depot (HD) Top 7 Companies Owned by Home Depot (HD)By David Gorton August 24, 2016 — 1:00 PM EDTAs a worldwide leader in providing home improvement goods, The Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) has a diversified chain of products and locations. Through acquisitions and brand development, it carries numerous items for sale in areas all around the world. Although Home Depot’s main acquisition period occurred in the 2000s, it made a $1.63 billion acquisition in July 2015 that further solidified itself as a global industry leader. The company, which recently reported a market capitalization of almost $170 billion, experiences success, in part, due to the subsidiaries that it owns. Home Decorators Collection In 2006, Home Depot agreed to buy Home Decorators Collection, a leader in catalog as well as online sales of home decor items. The acquisition doubled the size of Home Depot’s direct-to-consumer business, as the new company operates out of the Home Depot Direct division. Home Decorators Collection had the third-largest house file in the catalog industry at the time of the deal and increased its catalog with 65,000 new home decor products. Home Mart In 2004, Home Depot doubled its presence in Mexico through the acquisition of Home Mart Mexico. Home Mart was the country’s second-largest home improvement chain behind Home Depot. It operated 20 stores in Mexico, and after the deal, Home Depot had 39 stores in central and northern Mexico. The key piece of the deal was the 10 new stores in metropolitan Mexico City, as Home Depot previously had only three stores in the area. Home Mart was established in 1993, and the financial sum paid to the group of private Mexican owners was not disclosed. Interline Brands The world’s largest home improvement retailer completed a $1.63 billion acquisition of Interline Brands, Inc., a leading national distributor and direct marketer of maintenance, repair and operations products. Interline’s extensive local distribution network of more than 90 locations across the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico allowed for the delivery of its maintenance, repair and operations products. Headquartered in Florida, Interline serves more than 175,000 customer locations and holds market presence in institutional, multi-family housing and residential markets. The deal boosted Home Depot’s Pro division that caters to professional contractors and builders. The Home Way Home Depot, as part of its global expansion strategy, entered Chinese markets through its acquisition of The Home Way. The Home Way, a home improvement retailer founded in 1996, is based in Tianjin. Its 12 stores, averaging 90,000 square feet of selling space, were located in six Chinese cities. The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. Your Other Warehouse Home Depot purchased a master distributor of faucets, fixtures, bath accessories and kitchen accessories called Your Other Warehouse. Based in Baton Rouge, with a second facility in Las Vegas, Your Other Warehouse was a Home Depot vendor prior to the purchase. It distributes faucets, sinks, accessories and commercial fixtures. The company also retails exclusive brands. Home Depot’s motivation for the deal was to expand its wholesale plumbing industry presence. As part of the deal, Home Depot received the mailing list of 3.3 million customers of Home Decorators Collection, which is headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri. The financial details of the acquisition were not released to the public. Exclusive Brands In addition to owning multiple companies, Home Depot owns exclusive rights to earn retail sales from several major brands. Founded in 1977, Chem-Dry was purchased by the company in 2006. It is a carpet-cleaning franchise based in Utah. Behr Process Corporation manufactures house paints, primers, stains and surface preparation products sold exclusively at Home Depot. Homelite Corporation is a power equipment manufacturer of chainsaws, leaf blowers and trimmers that are sold at Home Depot. House Brands Home Depot also owns various house brands. Husky is a manuf
Location of Caylee Anthony's body Location of Caylee Anthony's body. Caylee Anthony's body was found approximately here on Dec 11, 2008. Map of the location of Caylee Anthony's body. Supposedly this area was underwater earlier, so that the body was submerged in previous searches.
Constraining non-commutative space-time from GW150914
Fedora: How to capture streaming audio? For a site such as this one...  what would be simplest CLI way to capture some of my favorite songs?

Note that I tried Audacity, did not work., I tried modprobe snd-pcm-oss; cat /dev/dsp &gt;my-audio.raw; # followed by a raw import of my-audio.raw in Audacity, did not work. 

I've tried arecord, alsamixer, krec,... and some combination of these mentioned on gazillion places over the web, still no luck. 

Could you share your favorite trick for this?
Nobody knows the answer. There are predictions, but they are all extrapolations. Those are the least reliable kind of predictions. In the long term, there will be very slightly more CO2 in the atmosphere. This will change the climate in many small ways, bigger storms, ocean current shifts, less polar ice and higher ocean levels. The magnitude of these effects is much less certain. Also, to foretell the future 100 years out one would need to know what humanity does. That's absolutely unknowable, given free will. Asking "if we do nothing" is ridiculous, as this is among the least likely courses of action. Generally, humans wait for things to get bad and then do something about it. The best guesses probably look something like that.
How to Connect With Verizon FiOS Internet To connect to the Verizon FiOS service you'll need to connect your Internet router to the Verizon wall outlet with an RG6 coaxial cable, and then hook up your office computers to the router with an Ethernet network cable or via a wireless connection if you have a Wi-Fi wireless router. Step 1.
Death Tunnel Death Tunnel is a 2005 horror movie filmed at the Waverly Hills Sanatorium. It stars Steffany Huckaby, Annie Burgstede, Kristin Novak, and Jason Lasater.
The Wear and Tear Theory of Aging The Wear and Tear Theory of Aging. The wear and tear theory of aging believes that the effects of aging are caused by damage done to cells and body systems over time. Essentially, these systems wear out due to use. Once they wear out, they can no longer function correctly.
How Much Do Countertops Cost To Install? Granite countertops are among the most popular countertops in kitchens today. The average cost to install granite countertops is between $3,100 and $4,500, depending on surface size and materials.Generally, granite is cut into long slabs, negating the need for seams and grout. Then it’s polished and sealed to protect against extreme heat, scratches and stains.orian. The cost to install corian countertops averages between $2,200 and $5,000, though prices will vary depending on a number of factors. Corian countertops are among the most popular solid surface cabinets available.
This comment is not toxic.
1979–80 European Cup 1979–80 European Cup The 1979–80 season of the European Cup football club tournament was won by holders Nottingham Forest in the final against Hamburg. The winning goal was scored by John Robertson, who drilled the ball into the corner of the Hamburg net from outside the penalty area. Forest became the only side to win the European Cup more times than their domestic top flight league, a record which still stands. "Dundalk won 3–1 on aggregate." "Nottingham Forest won 3–1 on aggregate." "Argeș Pitești won 3–2 on aggregate." "Dynamo Berlin won 4–1 on aggregate." "Servette won 4–2 on aggregate." "Dukla
- If your fine has a payment reference number you can pay the whole amount or the first instalment online. If you have lost your fine you can still pay by: Logging into your TMR account (My account) and pay under My infringements. Calling us on 13 23 80 to obtain your payment reference number.
How to Become a High School Guidance Counselor in 5 Steps To work as a high school counselor, your graduate degree should be in school and guidance counseling. You'll want to study topics such as assessment, group and guidance counseling, counseling theories, administration principles, counseling ethics, special needs students and career counseling.
History of Bolivia the establishment of the Bolivian Republic, named for the Liberator Simón Bolívar, on August 6, 1825. Since then Bolivia has endured regular periods of political and economic instability, including the loss of various provinces to its neighbors, such as Acre, parts of the Gran Chaco and its Pacific coast, making it a land-locked country. Cultures of indigenous peoples in Bolivia developed in the high altitude settings of altiplano with low oxygen levels, poor soils and extreme weather patterns. The better suited lowlands were sparsely inhabited by hunter-gatherer societies while much of the pre-Columbian population was concentrated in altiplano valleys of
This comment is not toxic.
How Often Do Dogs Need the Parvo Vaccine? Dog Health How Often Do Dogs Need the Parvo Vaccine?by Bethney Foster Labradors, rottweilers, doberman pinschers, American Staffordshire terriers and German shepherds are more likely to contract parvovirus than other breeds of dogs. Parvo is a life-threatening virus that infects dogs, mainly puppies. It is highly contagious and attacks the dog's intestinal tract and white blood cells and can even damage the heart. A series of three to four vaccinations, followed by annual boosters, are necessary to ensure a puppy is protected. Vaccination Series Your puppy received maternal antibodies that protected his against parvovirus and other diseases. These antibodies wane as the puppy's immune system develops. If the puppy still has antibodies when he is vaccinated, the antibodies will stop the vaccination from stimulating the immune system to provide protections against the virus. Because no one knows for sure when the maternal antibodies are gone and a vaccination will work, and because this can vary from puppy to puppy, a series of vaccinations are given to young dogs. The hope is that one of these vaccinations will be given after the puppy's body has lost the maternal antibodies, but before the puppy is exposed to the virus. Timing Different veterinarians have different protocols about the timing of vaccinations. Most veterinarians recommend that a puppy receive his first parvovirus vaccination when he is 8 weeks old. The second vaccination is given in three to four weeks, about age 11 to 12 weeks. A third vaccination is given in three to four more weeks, about age 14 to 15 weeks. A vaccination is sometimes given three to four weeks later, about age 17 to 18 weeks. Most all veterinarians agree the final vaccination in the series should be given after the puppy is 4 months old. Once the puppy series is complete, your dog should received a booster vaccination each year. Administration The vaccination for parvovirus is administered through an injection. While it may sound as if your puppy is going to get stuck a lot in his early months, don't worry. The parvovirus vaccination is administered through an injection that is given under the puppy's skin, but doesn't go into the muscle. Most puppies don't even notice it is being given. Side effects associated with the parvovirus vaccination are rare. When your puppy gets his first parvo vaccination, your veterinarian will probably ask you to wait for a few minutes to be sure your puppy doesn't have an allergic reaction. Less serious side effects can include a low-grade fever, lethargy and decreased appetite for a few days. Limiting Exposure Because parvovirus is contagious, it is best you limit your puppy's exposure until he has completed the entire series of vaccinations. This means not taking your puppy to the pet supply store, dog park or even the groomer until after the vaccination series is complete. Areas where large numbers of dogs gather are the most likely environments to be contaminated. It is even a good idea to carry your puppy when you go to the veterinarian. It's possible a dog infected with parvovirus just walked across the lobby floor. Most obedience schools, puppy kindergartens and other such programs will not accept puppies until the vaccination series is complete. This is for your puppy's protection as well as the protection of the other dogs. References ASPCA: Parvovirus Dogster: Dog Vaccination Schedule Sun Lakes Animal Clinic: The DHPPC Vaccination for Your Dog About the Author Bethney Foster is social justice coordinator for Mercy Junction ministry, where she edits the monthly publication "Holy Heretic." She is also an adoption coordinator with a pet rescue agency. Foster spent nearly two decades as a newspaper reporter/editor. She graduated from Campbellsville University, receiving a Bachelor of Arts in English, journalism and political science. Photo Credits Tired Puppy image by Donna Faulkenberry from Fotolia.com MORE MUST-CLICKS: What Vaccinations Does a 6-Week-Old Puppy Need? The Causes of Dogs Eating Dirt and Grass
Angela Hitler Angela Franziska Johanna Hammitzsch (née Hitler; 28 July 1883 – 30 October 1949) was the elder half-sister of Adolf Hitler. By her first husband, Leo Raubal, Sr., she was the mother of Geli Raubal.
Susie Q (film) Susie Q is a 1996 Super RTL movie that originally aired on the channel, followed by Disney Channel airing it in the United States frequently in the mid 1990s. Justin Whalin, Amy Jo Johnson and Shelley Long starred. The movie told the story of a teenager dying with her boyfriend (Bentley Mitchum) on her way to their Winter Formal back in the mid-1950s and coming back to her old house about 40 years later in order to help her parents avoid being kicked out of their trailer park home. Later, Zach (Whalin) moves into Susie's (Johnson) old house, but he is the only one who is able to see Susie.
How do I get a virtual card?
J. Cole Jermaine Lamarr Cole ( born January 28 , 1985 ) , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer . Raised in Fayetteville , North Carolina , Cole initially gained recognition as a rapper following the release of his debut mixtape , The Come Up , in early 2007 . Intent on further pursuing a solo career as a rapper , he went on to release two additional mixtapes after signing to Jay Z 's Roc Nation imprint in 2009 .   Cole released his debut studio album , Cole World : The Sideline Story , in 2011 . It debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 , and was soon certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . His next two releases , 2013 's Born Sinner and 2014 's 2014 Forest Hills Drive , received mostly positive reviews from critics , while being both certified platinum in the US . The latter earned him his first Grammy Award nomination for Best Rap Album . In December 2016 Cole released his fourth studio album 4 Your Eyez Only . The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified platinum in April 2017 .   Self-taught on piano , Cole also acts as a producer alongside his hip hop career , producing singles for artists such as Kendrick Lamar and Janet Jackson , as well as handling the majority of the production in his own projects . He has also developed other ventures , including Dreamville Records , as well as non-profit organization the Dreamville Foundation . The Dreamville Foundation is not the only non-profit gesture Cole has put forth ; in January 2015 , he decided to house single mothers rent-free in his childhood home at 2014 Forest Hills Drive , Fayetteville , North Carolina .
- These are the most popular girls' names in Switzerland (French) for 2012. 1  Emma. 2  Lea. 3  Chloe. Zoe. 4  Lara. 5  Eva. Charlotte.  Clara.
Shared doctrines would include beliefs about one God; the virgin birth; miracles; atonement for sins through the death, burial, and bodily resurrection of Jesus; the Trinity; the need for salvation (through belief in Jesus Christ as the son of God, his death and resurrection, and confession of Christ as Lord); grace; the Kingdom of God; last things (eschatology) (Jesus Christ will return personally and visibly in glory to the earth, the dead will be raised, and Christ will judge everyone in righteousness); and evangelism and missions. Some historically significant Baptist doctrinal documents include the 1689 London Baptist Confession of Faith, 1742 Philadelphia Baptist Confession, the 1833 New Hampshire Baptist Confession of Faith, the Southern Baptist Convention's Baptist Faith and Message, and written church covenants which some individual Baptist churches adopt as a statement of their faith and beliefs.
No. The size of atoms depends on a few fundamental physical constants. You can look at the formula for the [Bohr radius](_URL_0_) to see this: a*_0_* = hbar/(m*_e_*\*c\*alpha) On the right hand side you have the Planck constant, the mass of the electron, the speed of light, and the fine structure constant. To the best that we can determine, none of those constants have changed since the beginning of the universe (and there have been serious attempts to look for these changes by observing very distant objects).  So atoms were the same size for as long as the four fundamental interactions (strong, weak, E & M, and gravity) have existed. The expanding universe just provides more space for the matter to move around in.
World population In demographics, the world population is the total number of humans currently living. As of August 2016, it was estimated at 7.4 billion. The United Nations estimates it will further increase to 11.2 billion in the year 2100.
Dog-cow Hybrids It being produced by Linaria seems to us no less monstrous than a calf with a wolf’s head being produced by a cow. —Carl Linnaeus Nova acta eruditorum 1760, p. 409Caution: The many eyewitness reports quoted below, have not as yet been confirmed by molecular genetic tests. An alleged dog-cow hybrid birthed by a cow in 2011. Enlarge A second view of the alleged dog-cow cross. Enlarge View of same animal as above, showing the interior of the mouth. Enlarge T his article began as an account of a hybrid birth that allegedly occurred in Indonesia in 2011, but which seems never to have made the news here in the United States. That particular event is described in what immediately follows, the portion of this page that was written first. However, subsequent searches for other records about hybrids of this type revealed many additional, eyewitness reports, which are quoted lower down on this page, after the account of the Indonesian case. According to Indonesian-, Malay- and Arabic-language news reports and blogs, on February 2nd of that year, a cow on the island of Madura, off the northeastern coast of Java, gave birth to a creature (pictured at right) that created widespread excitement and, given that cattle are often accorded sacred status in eastern Asia, even religious awe. The owner, described in the various articles as the “farmer Misnoto” (also pictured at right), is a resident of the hamlet of Katuje in the Gate District of Sumenep, Madura. He told reporters that the “calf” was born early that Wednesday morning via normal processes and that he and his neighbors were all surprised when they saw its dog-like face. The various reports seem not to identify the type of cow that served as maternal parent, but Maduran farmers do not keep European domestic cattle ( Bos taurus ), so the mother would most likely have been either a banteng cow ( Bos javanicus ), shown below at right, or a cow of the Madura breed ( Bos javanicus × Bos indicus ). Several of the articles, translated into English with the Google translator, say that the male parent was a wolf. However, the word wolf is likely an artifact of the automated translation. For even if a canid-bovid cross were possible — and it is unknown whether such crosses might rarely occur — it seems highly unlikely that a wolf ( Canis lupus) would be present at the locale in question to perform the requisite mating, let alone to produce such a hybrid (unless it were perhaps a pet, or a wolf in a zoo). C. lupus is not native to Indonesia. The only possibility for a canid sire, then, would be domestic dog. Unlike wolves, dogs are notorious for their willingness to mate with almost any type of animal. For example, male dogs have been observed mating with ducks, geese and chickens (see the section on dog hybrids elsewhere on this website). A video showing a male dog mating with a cow at right above. Gape of a thylacine, an extinct carnivore As the photos show, this animal, which is male, is a very strange-looking creature. In particular, it has a huge mouth opening, as do many carnivores. Cattle and most herbivores have relatively small mouth openings. In this bizarre “calf,” the mouth opening reaches almost to the ears. It also has a lolling tongue like a dog. Also dog-like is the loose fur on the breast visible in the middle photo. Perhaps it’s just my imagination, but there’s something about its winsome expression in the middle picture that reminds me of my own dog in some of his more relaxed and satisfied moments. Cow’s dental pad. ( Enlarge )However, as can be seen in the enlarged version of the lowermost photo, this animal has no upper incisors. Instead, there is a dental pad at the front of the upper jaw, as in cattle (see picture at right). The lower incisors, clearly visible in the enlargement of the middle picture, are cow-like. However, in the uppermost photo (also enlargeable) the erupting molars seem to be pointed like the carnassials of a dog, instead of flat like a cow’s. The lower jaw is much shorter than the upper and, according to the news reports, the mout
- Provide a few details about your project and receive competitive quotes from local pros. The average national cost of window installation is $4,747, with most homeowners spending between $2,643 and $7,091.This data is based on actual project costs as reported by HomeAdvisor members. Windows can bring light and warmth, provide views, beautify inside and out and add tremendous value to your home.rovide a few details about your project and receive competitive quotes from local pros. The average national cost of window installation is $4,747, with most homeowners spending between $2,643 and $7,091.
[discussion][link] study on rehoming animals
How many chromosomes do human body cells have? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Science Biology Human Anatomy and Physiology How many chromosomes do human body cells have? Flag How many chromosomes do human body cells have? Answered by The Wiki Answers ®Community Answers.com ® is making the world better one answer at a time.46 Chromosomes in the Human body cells. Body cells have "pairs" of chromosomes while sex cells have only single sets of chromosomes. The human body cells have 22 pairs of autosomes and 1 pair of sex chromosomes for a total of 23 pairs or 46 chromosomes. Sex cells for humans will have half of that (because they are not paired) so a total of 23 chromosomes. 23 pairs The short answer is 46 chromosomes in the human body cell. </zzz> Save Eggs and sperm have only 23 each. Then there is a whole host of genetic disorders, trisomy 21 (Down's syndrome), for example where there are three number 21 chromosomes and each cell would have 47 chromosomes. The syndrome is caused by having too much information--one too many chromosomes.15 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No How many chromosomes do humans have in their body cells? Humans have 4 Chromosomes in ther body. Ligand 7,255 Contributions How many chromosomes does a human body cell have?46 chromosomes There are 23 pairs of chromosomes in a human body cell. One set of 23 came from each parent. Because our body cells contain two sets of chromosomes, the …Acid36 1,822 Contributions All cells in the human body start with how many chromosomes? In terms of chromosomal number, there are two types of cells in the human body. Autosomes , or body cells, have 46 chromosomes (the diploid number) Allosomes , or sex ch …Dan Samuel Burgos 414 Contributions How many chromosomes are in a typical human body cell?23 pairs Magniflorious 261 Contributions How many pairs of chromosomes does a human body cell contain? Humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes; however, gamete cells contain 23 unpaired chromosomes. Neodarwinian 16,472 Contributions How many chromosomes do humans have in each body cell? The general somatic chromosome number is 46. 23 pairs. Mark Henninger 1 Contribution How many chromosomes are their in each human body cell?26Jharkhandi 3,330 Contributions How many chromosomes do human body cells have in them?twenty five Human chromosomes are made up of 23 pairs. 22 pairs are autosomes and one pair of sex chromosomes to make a total of 23 pairs Twiddles 97 Contributions How many cells in the human body have chromosomes? All cells. Chromosomes are tightly wound coils of DNA that split and allow the identical replication of all cells, and all cells contain DNA. Alex146 49,465 Contributions How many produced chromosomes does a human body cell have? There are 46 chromosomes in each human body cell. How many chromosomes does a body cell of a human parent have?46Muhozi Trust 1 Contribution How many chromosomes are they in a human body cell?46Answered In Genetics How many chromosomes are in a human diploid body cell?26Mudkipo 407 Contributions Answered In Genetics How many chromosomes are there in human body cell? Typically there are 46 chromosomes, 23 pairs of homologous chromosomes. Some cells are denucleated like red blood cells and genetic disorders can reduce or increase the number …Answered In Genetics How many pairs of chromosome are in human body cells? There are 23 pairs or 46 individual chromosomes in a humans cells . Laura Gill 4,359 Contributions Answered In Genetics How many chromosomes do body cells have in humans?46Answered In Science How many pairs of chromosomes does a human have in all their body cells? There are 23 pairs of chromosomes in all of a human's body cells. 
Ask an Expert: Do Heating Pads After a Workout Help Reduce Muscle Soreness? Some like it hot- specifically sore muscles. We asked our Fitness Expert Kristy Wilson to share how heat helps alleviate post-workout pains. Expert's Take Kristy Wilson, NSCA, NASM: Whether you're just starting to exercise or are a bona fide gym rat, post-workout soreness is bound to happen once in awhile; especially when starting a new exercise program. Soreness is the body's response to adapting to something new. It is a normal reaction to unusual exertion. However, feeling sore after a workout isn't a measure of effectiveness. There are lots of factors that can come into play including the quality of the warm up and cool down, intensity of the workout, pre and post-workout nutrition, and even how much you've slept. Post-workout muscle soreness is commonly referred to as DOMS- delayed onset muscle soreness. After finishing a workout we may feel a little tired, but over the next 12-24 hours the soreness sets in. When we exercise we are placing stress on our muscles, actually causing small microscopic tears (this is a good thing since it leads to a stronger regrowth!). Along with inflammation, these cause the muscle soreness and discomfort known as DOMS. Rule of thumb: when it comes to sprains and pains use ice, but heat when it's muscles that are sore. (Ice is better for acute injuries, especially if there is swelling and bruising. You can also use ice on sore muscles in the acute stage. But for chronic muscle soreness lasting more than a few days, heat is better. )To reduce soreness, take a long, relaxing soak in a warm bath (bonus points for adding epsom salt). But since bath time at work isn't a viable option, try using a heating pad. Heat helps warm our muscles, increasing blood flow to the area. Heating pads ease muscle soreness by applying low heat, directly to the source of pain. Leave on for about 20 minutes, and be sure to place a towel between the pad and skin to avoid potential burns. If soreness persists after 7 days or sudden, severe muscle pain is felt, consult a doctor. THE NEWSLETTERTired? Sign up for our newsletter to get the sleep cheat sheet you desperately need. Privacy - Termsprotected by re CAPTCHAPrivacy - Terms Pin It Share Experts Fitness 
- I use the kohlrabi as a potato substitute in venison roasts along with carrots. We also eat it raw and in salads. I work in FL and it is hard to find. So my visit to my home in MI I will be bringing some back.
Natalie Portman Natalie Portman ( born Neta-Lee Hershlag , נטע-לי הרשלג June 9 , 1981 ) is an actress with dual American and Israeli citizenship . Her first role was in the 1994 action thriller Léon : The Professional , opposite Jean Reno . She was later cast as Padmé Amidala in the Star Wars prequel trilogy ( released in 1999 , 2002 and 2005 ) .   Born in Jerusalem to an Israeli father and American mother , Portman grew up in the eastern United States from the age of three . She studied dancing and acting in New York , and starred in Star Wars : Episode I -- The Phantom Menace while still at high school on Long Island . In 1999 , Portman enrolled at Harvard University to study psychology , alongside her work as an actress ; she completed a bachelor 's degree in 2003 . During her studies she starred in a second Star Wars film and opened in New York City 's The Public Theater production of Anton Chekhov 's The Seagull in 2001 .   Portman won a Golden Globe and was nominated for an Academy Award for starring in the 2004 drama Closer , appeared in Star Wars : Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith the following year , and won a Constellation Award for Best Female Performance and the Saturn Award for Best Actress for her starring role in the political thriller V for Vendetta ( 2006 ) . She played leading roles in the historical dramas Goya 's Ghosts ( 2006 ) and The Other Boleyn Girl ( 2008 ) , and also appeared in Thor ( 2011 ) and its 2013 sequel . In 2010 , Portman starred in the psychological thriller film Black Swan . Her performance received widespread critical acclaim and she earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress , her second Golden Globe Award , the SAG Award , the BAFTA Award and the BFCA Award in 2011 . In 2016 , she portrayed First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy in the biographical drama Jackie . She was nominated for an Academy Award , a BAFTA Award , a Golden Globe Award , a Screen Actors Guild Award and won the BFCA for Best Actress .   In May 2008 , Portman served as the youngest member of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival jury . The same year she directed a segment of the collective film New York , I Love You . Her first feature film as a director , A Tale of Love and Darkness , was released in 2015 .
- The formal definition of RSRP in 3GPP 36.214 is as follows : Reference signal received power (RSRP), is defined as the linear average over the power contributions (in [W]) of the resource elements that carry cell-specific reference signals within the considered measurement frequency bandwidth. For RSRP determination the cell-specific reference signals R0 according TS 36.211 shall be used.
In principle, the US taxes both income and gifts. Simply thinking good thoughts is not necessarily sufficient to avoid filing or payment obligations. Giving somebody money with no repayment date, no interest, and no enforceable note looks an awful lot like either income or a gift. A loan normally has interest, money sitting in a savings account is insured, and other investments generally have an expected return.  Why would somebody give a loan with no interest, with only flexible or informal payment expectations, in a way where it has neither deposit insurance nor any expectation of net returns?  That looks a lot like a gift - at the very least, a gift of the time value and the default risk. The IRS definitely polices loan rates. The latest release is Revenue Ruling 2014-13. The AFR is useful for tax concepts such as Original Issue Discount (when issuers sell low-interest or no-interest bonds or loans at less than face value, attempting to recharacterize interest income as return of principal), various grantor trusts (e.g. GRATs), and so forth.  It's a simple way for the IRS to link to market rates of interest. Documentation and sufficient interest, as well as clear payment schedule (and maybe call or demand rights) make it a bona fide loan.  There is no real way for the IRS to distinguish between an informal arrangement and a post-hoc lie to conceal a gift.  Moreover, an undocumented loan is generally difficult to enforce, so it looks less like a true loan. The lender declares the interest payments as income on his Form 1040, line 8a and if necessary Schedule B.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Pretty Little Liars (season 7) Pretty Little Liars (season 7) The seventh and final season of the American mystery drama television series "Pretty Little Liars", based on the books of the same name by Sara Shepard, was renewed on June 10, 2014 for two additional seasons, making the show Freeform's longest running original series. The season consisted of 20 episodes, in which ten episodes aired in the summer of 2016, with the remaining ten episodes aired from April 2017. The season's premiere aired on June 21, 2016 on Freeform. Production and filming began in the end of March 2016, which was confirmed by showrunner I.
This comment is not toxic.
R.I.P. Derek Shepherd, 1966-2015: A Brutal Death For Beloved 'Greyâs Anatomyâ Surgeon 0. Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) died in episode 21 of Grey's Anatomy.. ABC. SEATTLE -- Dr. Derek Christopher McDreamy Shepherd died on April 23, 2015, at the age of 49. The Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital surgeon, who specialized in neurosurgery, not only lived his life as a hero but also died as one.
. The Iron Curtain Divided Europe and Berlin During the time I was in Germany, Europe was divided by the "Iron Curtain." Intense Communism controlled the lives of people in the countries to the east of the iron curtain, contrasted with freedom in countries to the west. The above map shows a proposed tourist trail along where the Iron Curtain once stood. Germany was split by the "Iron Curtain," with Communist East Germany (Deutsche Demokratische Republik) [in orange color] on one side and free West Germany (Bundesrepublik Deutschland) [in purple color] on the other side. Berlin was stuck in the middle of Communist East Germany. It was an island of freedom in a sea of communism, but the city of Berlin itself was also split in half. At the end of World War II, Berlin (Germany's capital city) was divided into four zones. West Berlin consisted of the American, British, and French zones. East Berlin was the Soviet Union's zone. West Berlin became a popular way for people behind the iron curtain to escape communism. They would enter communist East Berlin and then cross into West Berlin and apply for refugee status. Then they flew out of West Berlin to freedom in Western countries. During the summer of 1961the flow of thousands of refugees per day became so intense that the communists were forced to take drastic action. On August 13, 1961 they closed the borders around West Berlin and began to build a wall through the middle of the city of Berlin. They also surrounded the rest of West Berlin with a concentration-camp-like fence with armed guard towers. On September 24, 1961 the Berliner Morgenpost tried to describe their plight to Americans. It published a front-page drawing of the United States with a similar "iron curtain" splitting America down the Mississippi River and dividing New York City into two halves, the eastern half being communist and the western half being free. The headline was directed at retired American General Lucius D. Clay, who was especially beloved by the people of Berlin. As the Military Governor of Germany after World War II, he thwarted a Soviet blockade of Berlin by the Berlin Airlift of 1948 - 1949. In 1961, he became President John F. Kennedy's special representative in Berlin. The newspaper reads: "General Clay! What would your countrymen say if......if the U. S. A. were torn and the eastern part of the country groaned under the whip of a foreign rule?...if New York lay in a red [e.g. communist] sea, a divided city in which a son could not go to his dying mother?...if the freedom of several million New Yorkers was bought with the betrayal of Georgia, Virginia and Ohio?...if the allies of the U. S. A. decided that the American people should forego their unity?" [ Top ] [ Back] [ Home] 
Which subatomic particles are located in the nucleus of a carbon atom? The subatomic particles in the nucleus of a carbon atom are protons and neutrons. The atomic nucleus contains protons and usually neutrons (except for hydrogen-1 (protium) atoms. The number of protons is an element's atomic number and is the same for all atoms of an element. Carbon has atomic number #6#. So all atoms of carbon have #6# protons in their atomic nuclei.
The James Bond gadget that turns you into a FISH: Concept mask lets you breathe underwater without oxygen tanks The James Bond gadget that turns you into a FISH: Concept mask lets you breathe underwater without oxygen tanks Concept gadget has arms which branch out to the side and work as gills Material on these two arms conceal tiny holes where water is sucked in Chambers inside separate the oxygen and release the water so that the user can breathe continuously while swimming By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 10:33 EDT, 16 January 2014 | Updated: 11:41 EDT, 6 April 2016297View comments It’s the James Bond gadget on everyone’s wishlist. The rebreather, a system that lets you breathe underwater, has got Mr Bond out of some tricky situations. Now one South Korean designer Korea has taken inspiration from the spy’s device to create a concept gadget that claims to instantly transform the user into a human fish.+7The mask, dubbed Triton, acts like a fish gill to extract oxygen from water so that the user can keep on breathing while under the sea HOW TRITON COULD WORKTo use Triton, swimmers would bite down on a plastic mouth piece. Two arms, which branch out to the sides of the scuba mask, have been developed to function as gills. The scaly texture on the arms conceals small holes in the material where water is sucked in. Chambers inside separate the oxygen and release the liquid so that the user can breathe comfortably in the ocean. Using a very small but powerful micro compressor, the system compresses oxygen and stores it in tanks. The gadget is powered by micro battery around 30 times smaller than a battery. The device, however, is only a concept and questions remain over whether it would be technically feasible to recreate. The mask, dubbed Triton, acts like a fish gill to extract oxygen from water so that the user can keep on breathing while under the sea. While it may not be as slick as a rebreather, designer Jeabyun Yeon, who came up with the concept, believes it will change the way people approach water. To use Triton, swimmers would bite down on a plastic mouth piece. Two arms, which branch out to the sides of the scuba mask, can then function as efficient gills to deliver oxygen. The scaly texture on the arms conceal small holes in the material where water is sucked in. Chambers inside separate the oxygen and release the liquid so that the user can breathe comfortably in the ocean. Using a very small but powerful micro compressor, the concept system would compress oxygen and store it in tanks. The entire gadget is powered by micro battery which is around 30 times smaller than a current battery that can quickly charge 1,000 times faster. But you may have to wait a little longer before placing an order as the product is still at concept stage. Mr Yeon describes it as ‘a future product’ that could one day replace complicated scuba equipment. RELATED ARTICLESPrevious 1 Next A bright idea! Genetically engineered plant glows so... Could Triton 'artificial gills' work? Firm refunds $900,000... Share this article+7A more radical design was recently unveiled by a South Korean designer Korea which claims to instantly transform the user into a human fish+7The mask, dubbed Triton, acts like a fish gill to extract oxygen from water so that the user can keep on breathing while under the sea+7 +7A designer in South Korea has taken inspiration from James Bond's rebreather (left) to create the Triton gadget that claims to instantly transform the user into a human fish+7Chambers inside separate the oxygen and release the water so that the user can breathe comfortably+7Mr Yeon describes Triton as 'a future product' that could one day replace complicated scuba equipment See how you can hold your breath like David Blaine (related)Loaded Progress 0:00/0:00Advertisement Share or comment on this article Most watched News videos Embed this Car smashes into both sides of motorway as driver has a 'seizure' Former RHONJ star says autistic son was kicked out of NJ library Dreadful footage shows moment before dog is cruelly killed... Window sh
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
what common processors are not IEEE 754 compliant? I'd like to curious to know. this is more up to the compiler, which may issue slightly different instructions which may yield slightly different results. In fact, intel got it wrong once, and it cost the company half a billion dollars. _URL_0_
Cyberlink Malware? Question Cyberlink Malware?by gflash128 / April 27, 2013 10:40 PM PDThi everyone! Samsung R580, Intel i3 @2.4Ghz, 4G Ram, Win 7 Home Premium, AVG free 2013. Q: I keep reading that Cyberlink is malware or a virus. Further, that it is a nightmare to uninstall. Could anyone shed some light on this suite of programs? Any Help? Gordon Discussion is locked Flag Permalink Track this discussion Thread display: Collapse / Expand 7 total posts All Answers Collapse - Answer Cyberlinkby pgc3 / April 27, 2013 11:05 PM PDTIn reply to: Cyberlink Malware? Cyberlink, as I recall is a part of Power DVD and I do not believe is considered malware but is basically a media package, playback, copy, etc. Flag Permalink This was helpful ( 1)Collapse - Answer All good here.by R. Proffitt Forum moderator / April 27, 2013 11:23 PM PDTIn reply to: Cyberlink Malware? I have yet to have any trouble with this suite. I did know someone that downloaded a cracked version from a torrent and wow, what a pack of trouble that was. I can only guess this is what caused you to write this? Bob Flag Permalink This was helpful ( 1)Collapse - Cyberlinkby pgc3 / April 27, 2013 11:26 PM PDTIn reply to: All good here. Yeah Bob, Cyberlink is pretty common and I don't think I've heard any issues with it either, sounds as if he may have some other issues or doesn't understand the function/use. Flag Permalink This was helpful ( 0)Collapse - Answer What is your reason for asking?by Carol~ Moderator / April 28, 2013 8:33 AM PDTIn reply to: Cyberlink Malware? Gordon.. What is your reason for asking? If you scanned with AVG and it reported FCL_DLL.dll to be a source of infection (Win32/Heur), I only know to tell you it has done so in the past. It was a confirmed false positive. This is not the first time the question has been asked. As far back as 2007 some were reporting files related to Cyberlink's Power DVD to be infected. Most were false positives. Some scanners detected an Aurora file. IF present and IF from Direct Revenue, it's considered adware. To the best of my knowledge. these instances were few and far between. More recently, certain Norton products were reporting RIKVM 38F51D56.sys to be a rootkit. More often than not .. Norton Power Eraser. The following is noted in a thread titled " Is this a virus RIKVM_38F51D56. SYS ? at the Norton Community Forum: 'It is a legitimate Cyberlink file. Norton Power Eraser is more aggressive than the regular Norton security products and possible false positives are something you need to be aware of when using the product. You always need to verify that the items NPE suggests to remove, are, in fact, malicious.' The original poster also posted at the Cyberlink Forum. ( Is RIKVM_38F51D56. SYS a legit Power DVD file or a virus?) The Cyberlink Administrator indicated it was a false positive. Lastly.. and only my opinion. I found the thread at the Norton forum here. The site which purports the file to be a rootkit, I find unreliable and highly suspect. Putting aside the fact they've spammed our forums, see what those at Web of Trust (WOT) have to report about the site. If the reason you asked is because you were considering installing it and IF.. AVG has a problem with it, I would suggest uploading the file/s to Virus Total or another service which analyzes suspicious files. With hopes this was.. "enough lights shed"... Carol Flag Permalink This was helpful ( 0)Collapse - reply to 'Cyberlink Malware? 'by Newbie1929 / September 12, 2014 2:10 AM PDTIn reply to: What is your reason for asking? Can anyone explain why something that is not malware keeps popping up asking me to download it.? I think it could be used by people interested in videos. This is not even Goggle snooping because I have no interest in videos. Hence my suspicions. I do not download something that popped up uninvited and wanting me to download something for an unspecified reason. Surely an honest company would not do this. Flag Permalink This was helpful ( 0)Collapse - I'm not on your PC so I can't check it out.by R. Proffitt Forum moderator / Septem
What is interconnect in VLSI? Answer Wiki. As the name suggests interconnect is a connection between elements , in VLSI also it means the same thing. Interconnects in an IC are physical connections between two transistors and/or the external world.
- Clown-Fish can live for 40 years and above in their natural habitat. They can only live for 4 years and above in aquarium's and tanks. 13 people found this useful.
The simple answer is because the financial markets are run by people, and people don't like to work 7 days a week.  You also have to look at it as you would any business. Financial markets are very expensive to run, so while it's certainly *possible* to keep markets open 24/7, doing so would be very inefficient. Stock markets are open during regular "business hours" to make the best use of their time. For example, it's the same reason that some restaurants only open at 4pm, because the owners have found that they don't get enough customers at lunchtime to justify opening early. If there were a strong demand for weekend trading, I'm sure the markets would be open all week, but for now it isn't necessary so they don't do it.
Mary (name) the 1970s, but also falling below rank 100 once again in 2012. The name Mary remains more popular in the Southern United States than elsewhere in the country. Mary was the 15th most popular name for girls born in Alabama in 2007, the 22nd most popular name for girls born in Mississippi in 2007, the 44th most popular name for girls in North Carolina, the 33rd most popular name for girls in South Carolina, and the 26th most popular name for girls in Tennessee. Mary was still the most common name for women and girls in the United States in
Its like the old selling food stamps. Some people get the strips for free and sell them for the cash. The buyer then sells them to people that don't get them for free at a discounted price. People used to do this with foodstamps. They would pay you 50 cents on the dollar or whatever and the person with food stamps could go buy their beer or drugs with the cash. Food stamps are free and you can only buy certain things. Well that was the case but now you can just go to the ATM and get the cash and go buy your beer and drugs.
Yankee Thoughts
Organised unions are the closest thing the working class have to representation in government. Unions have been roundly villified and diminished in the last 30 years thanks to laissez fare economics and a general social rejection of collective action in favour of individualism. Most of the perks of your job are down to unions and while none are perfect theyre enormously empowering to the majority of us who have the temerity to not own their own company. Some unions may corrupt, some may be incompetent, but without them its only a stone's throw to the workhouse.
It's what you call a relief teacher in Australia or a substitute teacher in America. They teach classes when the regular teacher is ill or on leave.
Which language is harder to learn: Japanese or Chinese?
Crafters Choiceâ¢ Polynesian Hibiscus Fragrance Oil 766 Crafters Choice™ Polynesian Hibiscus Fragrance Oil 766The requested content cannot be found ( 22 Reviews)Submit Your Own Review Pricing$5.95 for 2 fl. oz$9.95 for 4 fl. oz$16.95 for 8 fl. oz$30.95 for 16 fl. oz$404.95 for 25 lb. drum (Bulk)All Orders Over $25 Ship Free In USABulk Size Only: Avg 18 Days (Details)Sold at Retail Store: Additional Information Directions & Ingredients SDS & Documents Questions & Answers (1) Recipes & Videos (4) Customer Reviews (22) Customer Photos (0)Wild and exotic, this fragrance is a combination of red hibiscus, island plumeria, aloe vera leaf, and dewy cassis petals. Flashpoint: 200° Vanilla Content: 0.30% Country Of Origin: United States IFRA Maximum Skin Exposure Levels: Body Lotion: 58.80% Body Wash: 28.90% Soap: 28.90%Face Cream: 37.50% Body Powder: 11.50% Baby: 37.50%Perfume: 58.80% Deodorant: 1.10% Lip: 0.00%Wholesale Supplies Plus, Inc. certifies that this fragrance product is in compliance with the standards of the International Fragrance Association, provided the fragrance is used in the above application (s) at the noted maximum concentration level (s). The "Maximum Use Level for Skin Exposure" is the amount of fragrance, flavor and essential oil that can come in contact with the skin. It does not mean that your base product can perform at these levels. You must test each oil in each application for evaluation of desired performance. Baby products have lower use levels than those listed above. If a desired application is not listed above, please call us at 1-800-359-0944 for maximum skin levels for skin exposure. Scent is one of the most powerful of our five senses. Smelling a fragrance can trigger a treasured memory and provoke enjoyable thoughts. When designing products, consider how your customers will use your products. Will they be washed off? Will they be used to fragrance a home? Will they be used in conjunction with other products and how will those scents smell when combined? Consider complimenting your scent with coordinating colors. California Prop 65 Statement: This product is not on the CA Prop 65 list of toxic chemicals. This product conforms to the reporting requirements of California Proposition 65 (Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986). We are conforming to the regulation by reporting the existence, or lack thereof, of ingredients deemed reportable by the above mentioned regulations via a Safety Data Sheet (SDS), in Section 15 "Regulatory Information." Ingredients from Natural Food Sources (NFS) and are exempt from reporting in accordance with Title 27, § 25501 (a). RELATED PRODUCTSPlumeria* Fragrance Oil 459 Droppers - Plastic Island Kiss* Fragrance Oil 503 Red Hibiscus & Acai Fragrance Oil 359 Fragrance Oil Blotter Sticks Hibiscus Blueberry Tea Fragrance Oil 792 Raspberry Rose Hibiscus Tea Fragrance Oil 831 
Definitions &Translations quantum electrodynamics, QED(noun) a relativistic quantum theory of the electromagnetic interactions of photons and electrons and muons. QED(Noun) Quantum electrodynamics. QED(Interjection) Quod erat demonstrandum (Latin what had to be proved or what was to be demonstrated). QED. QED were an Australian New Wave trio, whose lead singer, Jenny Morris, went on to achieve commercial success as a solo artist.
Hey /rAskScience! We are super excited to be here today!   I am very proud of Mastermind, but we are primarily here to answer questions from you!   Please feel free to ask about wide swaths of questions that pertain to the biomedical startup world, getting started with Bioinformatics, and how the weather is today in /r/AnnArbor.   Should you wish to check out Mastermind, please feel free to sign up at:  [_URL_0_](_URL_1_)   Super geeked! See you soon!
> rendered it out No. Live television isn't like Windows Movie Maker. There's no rendering. It's all done in real time.
Bisexual erasure From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Bisexual pride flag, created by Michael Page Bisexuality topics Related sexual orientations Bisexuality Heteronormativity Monosexuality Sexual identities Bi-curious Questioning Heteroflexibility Studies Kinsey scale Klein grid Attitudes and discrimination Biphobia Bisexual chic Bisexual erasure Lesbian until graduation Bisexual community Bi Community News Bi Con (UK) Bi Net USABisexual Resource Center Celebrate Bisexuality Day Lists Bisexual people LGBT-related films Media portrayals of bisexuality Portals Sexuality LGBTv t e Bisexual erasure or bisexual invisibility is the tendency to ignore, remove, falsify, or reexplain evidence of bisexuality in history, academia, the news media, and other primary sources. [1] [2] [3] In its most extreme form, bisexual erasure can include the denial that bisexuality exists. [1] [3] It is often a manifestation of biphobia, [1] [2] [3] although it does not necessarily involve overt antagonism. There is increasing inclusion and visibility of bisexuals, particularly in the LGBT community. [4] [5] American psychologist Beth Firestone writes that since she wrote her first book on bisexuality, in 1996, "bisexuality has gained visibility, although progress is uneven and awareness of bisexuality is still minimal or absent in many of the more remote regions of our country and internationally". [6]Contents [ hide ]1 Motivations1.1 Male motivations2 Common examples3 In the LGBT community4 Theoretical analyses and literature4.1 Theoretical frameworks4.1.1 Examples5 Media depictions5.1 Television6 See also7 References8 Further reading9 External links Motivations [ edit]According to scholar Kenji Yoshino, there are three main investments that motivate both self-identified homosexuals and heterosexuals to seek to culturally erase bisexuality. These motivations are firstly, sexual orientation stabilization. This relieves people of the anxiety of having sexual orientation questioned, an untenable position since it is in fact unprovable. There is a belief that bisexuals are simply undecided, and that they are fundamentally homosexual or heterosexual. This isolates, marginalises and makes bisexuals invisible within the community. [7] Secondly, the maintenance of the importance of gender, which is seen as erotically essential to monosexuals while this notion is challenged by the existence of bisexuality. Thirdly, the maintenance of monogamy since for mainstream Americans, a pair bond is preferred. However, bisexuals are generally assumed by monosexuals to be "intrinsically" non-monogamous. [8]In an article written for the 10th anniversary of Yoshino's piece, Heron Greenesmith argues that bisexuality is in fact inherently invisible in the law, beyond the reach of deliberate erasure. Firstly, she says it is because bisexuality is legally irrelevant with plaintiffs presumed to be monosexual unless outed and secondly, that when bisexuality is legally relevant it is erased within the legal culture since it complicates legal arguments that depend on a gender binary nature of sexuality. [9]Male motivations [ edit]Richard C. Friedman, an academic psychiatrist who specializes in the psychodynamics of homosexuality, writes in his essay "Denial in the Development of Homosexual Men" that many gay men have experienced sexual fantasies about women or engaged in heterosexual sex and that many straight men have experienced sexual fantasies about men or engaged in homosexual sex. Despite being bisexual in fantasy and activity, these men identify as "gay" or "straight" rather than as bisexual. This erasure of bisexuality is sometimes caused by denying the significance of an erotic encounter in order to maintain a person's sexual identity and sense of community; a man might downplay having had sexual fantasies or encounters with a woman in order to maintain his identity as a "gay man" and his membership in the gay community, or a man might downplay having had sexual fantasies or encounters with a man in order to maintain his status as a heterosexual ma
Raines law Raines law The Raines law, authored by John Raines, was passed on March 23, 1896, by the New York State Legislature. It was nominally a liquor tax, but its intention was to curb the consumption of alcohol by imposing regulations. Among other provisions, it prohibited the sale of alcoholic beverages on Sunday except in hotels. Most men worked a six-day week, and Sunday was the only full day for drinking at saloons. Under the law, however, hotels were allowed to serve liquor on Sunday, to guests only, if it was served during a meal or in the bedrooms of the
St Helena has long been known for its high proportion of endemic birds and vascular plants. The highland areas contain most of the 400 endemic species recognised to date. Much of the island has been identified by BirdLife International as being important for bird conservation, especially the endemic Saint Helena plover or wirebird, and for seabirds breeding on the offshore islets and stacks, in the north-east and the south-west Important Bird Areas. On the basis of these endemics and an exceptional range of habitats, Saint Helena is on the United Kingdom's tentative list for future UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
Pressure Washing Cost Typical costs: 1  Renting a power washer can cost anywhere from $40-$75 a day, depending on your location and the quality of the equipment.  Buying a basic residential pressure washer with an electric motor starts around $70-$200, depending on size and capacity.
Angelina Jolie Angelina Jolie Pitt ( ; née Voight; born June 4, 1975) is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian. She has received an Academy Award, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, and three Golden Globe Awards, and has been cited as Hollywood's highest-paid actress. Jolie made her screen debut as a child alongside her father, Jon Voight, in "Lookin' to Get Out" (1982). Her film career began in earnest a decade later with the low-budget production "Cyborg 2" (1993), followed by her first leading role in a major film, "Hackers" (1995). She starred in the critically acclaimed biographical cable films "George Wallace" (1997) and "Gia" (1998), and won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in the drama "Girl, Interrupted" (1999).
CANADA Canada is located in the northern-most region of North America. Its southern territories run along the northern border of the continental United States. Canada is one of the largest countries in the world, second only to Russia in territorial size.or its size, Canada has a small population. Although physically it is the second-largest country in the world, its population was only 31,281,092, according to a July 2000 estimate, or just under one-tenth the size of that of the United States.
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
Symptoms of Raynaudâs Syndrome Raynaud's Symptoms. Symptoms of Raynaud’s Syndrome. 1) Fingers start to go white as the circulation is restricted in the capillaries. Whiteness can be on just one or just part of one finger, or two or three fingers at a time. Often there are patches of white, showing a mottled appearance. 2) Affected areas will feel numb and have a white waxy look.
Amaizing: Corn genome decoded Science News from research organizations Amaizing: Corn genome decoded Date: November 21, 2009Source: Washington University School of Medicine Summary: In recent years, scientists have decoded the DNA of humans and a menagerie of creatures but none with genes as complex as a stalk of corn, the latest genome to be unraveled. A team of scientists has published the completed corn genome -- an accomplishment that will speed efforts to develop better crop varieties to meet the world's growing demands for food, livestock feed and fuel. Share: FULL STORYA team of scientists led by The Genome Center at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis published the completed corn genome in the Nov. 20 issue of the journal Science, an accomplishment that will speed efforts to develop better crop varieties to meet the world's growing demands for food, livestock feed and fuel. Credit: Iowa State In recent years, scientists have decoded the DNA of humans and a menagerie of creatures but none with genes as complex as a stalk of corn, the latest genome to be unraveled. A team of scientists led by The Genome Center at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis published the completed corn genome in the Nov. 20 journal Science, an accomplishment that will speed efforts to develop better crop varieties to meet the world's growing demands for food, livestock feed and fuel. "Seed companies and maize geneticists will pounce on this data to find their favorite genes," says senior author Richard K. Wilson, Ph. D., director of Washington University's Genome Center, who led the multi-institutional sequencing effort. "Now they'll know exactly where those genes are. Having the complete genome in hand will make it easier to breed new varieties of corn that produce higher yields or are more tolerant to extreme heat, drought, or other conditions. "Corn, also known as maize, is the top U. S. crop and the basis of products ranging from breakfast cereal to toothpaste, shoe polish and ethanol. The corn genome is a hodgepodge of some 32,000 genes crammed into just 10 chromosomes. In comparison, humans have 20,000 genes dispersed among 23 chromosomes. The $29.5 million maize sequencing project began in 2005 and is funded by the National Science Foundation and the U. S. departments of agriculture and energy. The genome was sequenced at Washington University's Genome Center. The overall effort involved more than 150 U. S. scientists with those at the University of Arizona in Tucson, Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York and Iowa State University in Ames playing key roles. The group sequenced a variety of corn known as B73, developed at Iowa State decades ago. It is known for its high grain yields and has been used extensively in both commercial corn breeding and in research laboratories. The genetic code of corn consists of 2 billion bases of DNA, the chemical units that are represented by the letters T, C, G and A, making it similar in size to the human genome, which is 2.9 billion letters long. But that's where much of the similarity ends. The challenge for Wilson and his colleagues was to string together the order of the letters, an immense and daunting task both because of the corn genome's size and its complex genetic arrangements. About 85 percent of the DNA segments are repeated. Jumping genes, or transposons, that move from place to place make up a significant portion of the genome, further complicating sequencing efforts. A working draft of the maize genome, unveiled by the same group of scientists in 2008, indicated the plant had 50,000-plus genes. But when they placed the many thousands of DNA segments onto chromosomes in the correct order and closed the remaining gaps, the researchers revised the number of genes to 32,000. "Sequencing the corn genome was like driving down miles and miles of desolate highway with only sporadically placed sign posts," says co-investigator Sandra Clifton, Ph. D., of Washington University. "We had a rudimentary map to guide us, but because of the repetitive nature of 
I *think* what you are taking about is a test from the book "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" on which the film "Blade Runner" was based. If so, the test aims to distinguish humans from androids ('replicants') through their emotional response to questions requiring empathy. _URL_0_
Collect on Delivery (COD) Collect on Delivery (COD). If you're a small shipper or a mail-order fulfillment house, sometimes you don't want to wait for your customer's payment to arrive and then clear before shipping out your merchandise. For this very reason, the USPS has Collect-on-Delivery, a convenient method of payment upon receipt!
Croatian phrasebook Croatian phrasebook Book a Hotel In Out Check Rates Croatian is a Slavic language spoken by around 7 million people. It is the official language of Croatia and one of the official languages of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It also is an official regional language in the province of Burgenland in Austria. It has three main dialects: Chakavian, spoken primarily on the islands, along the Croatian coast and in the Lika region, Kajkavian, spoken in northern and northwestern Croatia, and Štokavian, spoken in the rest of Croatia. This phrasebook gives an overview of useful phrases in Standard Croatian. Croatian belongs to the "synthetic" language group, which means that unlike English and other "analytical" languages, different grammatical aspects are expressed in one word by changing the structure of that word—adding an ending or prefix, modifying the core of the word, etc. In analytical languages such as English, the same is achieved by using separate auxiliary verbs, pronouns or adjectives while the actual word remains unchanged. In Croatian, one word is often sufficient to express what English can achieve only by using multiple words. Pronunciation [ edit]Croatian uses the Latin alphabet. The spelling of Croatian is largely phonetic so most words are written exactly as they are pronounced. However, there are quite a few exceptions. Those words that are written in capitals signify the stress of the word. Vowels [ edit]alike 'u' in "sun"elike 'e' in "their"ilike 'ee' in "free"olike 'o' in "orb"uapproximately like 'oo' in "soon"Unfortunately, neither stresses (which can fall at any syllable) nor vowel lengths are marked in the written language, but the stress is more predictable than in Russian or Bulgarian, where it is almost obligatory to put an accent on the stressed syllable. Unlike Bulgarian, Russian and other East Slavic languages, however, wrongly pronounced vowel length will seldom cause misunderstanding. In practice, the second-last or third-last syllable is almost always stressed. Consonants [ edit]blike 'b' in "bed"clike 'ts' in "bets"člike 'ch' in "child"ćlike 't' in "mature"dlike 'd' in "dog"džlike 'dg' in "fudge"đlike 'd' in American English "schedule"flike 'f' in "for"glike 'g' in "go"hlike 'h' in "help" [usually aspirated]jlike 'y' in "yell"klike 'k' in "king" [unaspirated]llike 'l' in "love"ljlike 'li' in "million".mlike 'm' in "mother"nlike 'n' in "nice"njlike 'ñ' in Spanish "señor" or 'ny' in "canyon"plike 'p' in "pig" [unaspirated]qlike 'q' in "quest" (only in foreign words)rtrilled 'r' as in the Spanish "roca"slike 's' in "sock"šlike 'sh' in "cash"tlike 't' in "top" [unaspirated]vlike 'v' in "victory"wlike 'v' in "victor" (only in foreign words)xlike 'cks' in "kicks" or 'gs' in "legs" (only in foreign words)zlike 'z' in "zebra"žlike 'su' in "measure"Phrase list [ edit]Basics [ edit]Common signs OPENOtvoreno ( OHT-voh-reh-noh)CLOSEDZatvoreno ( ZAHT-voh-reh-noh)ENTRANCEUlaz ( OO-lahz)EXITIzlaz ( EEZ-lahz)PUSHGurati ( GOO-rah-tee)PULLPovući ( poh-VOO-chee)TOILETSnužnik MENMuški ( MOO-shkee)WOMENŽenski ( ZHEN-skee)FORBIDDENZabranjen ( ZAH-bra-nyen)Hello. ( informal )Bok ( bohk ). How are you? Kako ste? ( formal) ( KAH-koh steh? )How are you? Kako si? (informal) ( KAH-koh see? )Fine, thank you. Dobro sam, hvala. ( DOH-broh sahm, HVAH-lah)Please. Molim. ( MOH-leem)Thank you. Hvala. ( HVAH-lah)Thank you very much Hvala lijepa. ( HVAh-lah LYEH-pah)You're welcome. Nema na čemu. ( NEH-mah na CHEH-moo )or Molim. ( MO-leem)Yes. Da. ( da)No. Ne. ( ne)Good morning. Dobro jutro. ( DOH-broh YOO-troh)Good afternoon. Dobar dan. ( DOH-bahr dahn)Good evening. Dobra večer. ( DOH-brah VEH-cher)Good night. Laku noć. ( LAH-koo notch)Good night ( to sleep )Laku noć. ( LAH-koo nohch)Excuse me. ( getting attention )Oprostite. ( oh-PROHS-tee-teh)Excuse me. ( begging pardon )Pardon. ( par-DON)I'm sorry. ("expressing condolence")Žao mi je. ( zhow mee yeh)Goodbye Doviđenja ( doh-vee-JEH-nyah) or Zbogom ( ZBOH-gohm ). Goodbye ( informal )Doviđenja ( doh-vee-JEH-nyah) or Bok. ( bok)What is your name? Kako se zovete? ( formal
Washington creates the Purple Heart On February 22, 1932, Washington’s 200th birthday, the U.S. War Department announced the creation of the “Order of the Purple Heart.”. In addition to aspects of Washington’s original design, the new Purple Heart also displays a bust of Washington and his coat of arms.
Red Rose of Lancaster the Canadian Army also incorporated the red rose into the design of their cap badge and regimental buttons, due to an alliance with the York and Lancaster Regiment of the British Army. The Canadian city of Montreal has a Lancastrian rose in the top right hand corner of its flag, representing the city's historical English community. The U.S. City of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, known as "Red Rose City", uses the Lancastrian rose as its seal, and in its flag. Red Rose of Lancaster The Red Rose of Lancaster (a rose gules) is the county flower of Lancashire. The exact species or
This comment is not toxic.
In this paper, we present a novel approach for mining opinions from product reviews, where it converts opinion mining task to identify product features, expressions of opinions and relations between them. By taking advantage of the observation that a lot of product features are phrases, a concept of phrase dependency parsing is introduced, which extends traditional dependency parsing to phrase level. This concept is then implemented for extracting relations between product features and expressions of opinions. Experimental evaluations show that the mining task can benefit from phrase dependency parsing.
The "power of the mind" is absolutely [linked to your body's physiological state, including your immune response.](_URL_2_) Here's a study where existing [sinus medications fared no better than placebos:](_URL_1_). Since doctors can't easily prescribe placebos to sinus patients without them catching on, [they sometimes go on prescribing mild antibotics like amoxycillin](_URL_3_) even though they know it truly is a placebo in these situations. On a side note, there's even some interesting research that [more expensive placebos work better](_URL_0_), due to our gut reaction that they must work better if they cost more.
Business valuation In capital budgeting We use the WACC, adjusted for project-specific risk, to calculate the net present value (NPV). Using a company’s overall WACC in evaluating a capital project assumes that the project has risk similar to the average project of the company.n capital budgeting We use the WACC, adjusted for project-specific risk, to calculate the net present value (NPV). Using a company’s overall WACC in evaluating a capital project assumes that the project has risk similar to the average project of the company.
Interstate 88 (Illinois) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from Interstate 88 (west))navigation search Interstate 88Ronald Reagan Memorial Highway/Tollway Route information Maintained by IDOT and ISTHALength 140.60 mi [2] (226.27 km)Existed July 1987 [1] – present Major junctions West end I-80 / IL 5 / IL 92 / IL 110 (CKC) in East Moline US 30 in Rock Falls I-39 / US 51 in Rochelle I-355 in Downers Grove I-294 in Hillside East end I-290 / I-294 / IL 110 (CKC) in Hillside Highway system Interstate Highway System Main Auxiliary Suffixed Business Future Illinois State Highway System Interstate U. S. State Tollways← IL 84 IL 89 →Interstate 88 ( I-88) is a tolled Interstate Highway in the US state of Illinois that runs from an interchange with I-80 near Silvis and Moline to an interchange with I-290 and I-294 in Hillside, near Chicago. I-88 is 140.60 miles (226.27 km) long. This route is not contiguous to I-88 in New York. Since 2010, all of I-88 has been part of the Chicago–Kansas City Expressway. The highway also runs through the cities of Aurora, Naperville, De Kalb, and Dixon. Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 Ronald Reagan Memorial Tollway2 Exit list3 References4 External links History [ edit]Prior to its designation as an Interstate Highway, the route was known as IL 5, and before that, IL 190. The reason for I-88's original designation and continued existence as an Interstate has to do with a technicality in the old National Maximum Speed Law (NMSL). Originally passed in 1973, NMSL was amended in 1987 to permit 65 mph (105 km/h) speed limits on rural stretches of Interstate Highways only. Even though IL 5 was fully up to Interstate standards, it still had to carry a 55 mph (90 km/h) limit because of this wording in NMSL. The Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT) and Illinois State Toll Highway Authority (ISTHA) petitioned the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) to re-designate IL 5 as an Interstate, and in 1987, AASHTO approved the request and assigned the Interstate 88 numbering to the highway. [1] NMSL would be completely repealed only eight years later in 1995, but the I-88 shields remain up to this day, even though Illinois 110 shields are being posted throughout the entire Illinois I-88, since it is now part of the Chicago to Kansas City Expressway project, bannered with special "CKC" logos. Ronald Reagan Memorial Tollway in Naperville, heading east Ronald Reagan Memorial Tollway [ edit]The Ronald Reagan Memorial Tollway, originally known as the East-West Tollway, is a toll road in northern Illinois. Opened November 21, 1958, it was initially designated as U. S. Route 30 Toll, and later Illinois Route 190. The original routing extended from the Interstate 294 interchange near Hillside to Illinois Route 47 near Sugar Grove. Illinois Route 56 was overlapped on the East-West Tollway between North Aurora and Sugar Grove in 1965. Map of the Ronald Reagan Memorial Tollway, the tolled portion of Interstate 88When the East-West Tollway was extended to Dixon, Illinois in the 1970s, the Illinois 190 numbering was removed from the stretch between Aurora and Sugar Grove, making that section strictly Illinois 56. Once complete, the new routing of the combined tollway and freeway between Interstate 80 near the Quad Cities and Interstate 294 became designated as Illinois Route 5. In the late 1980s, it was renumbered as Interstate 88. Officially, the tollway portion begins in Rock Falls, IL, starting at the intersection with U. S. Route 30 at mile marker 44, although the first toll plaza does not appear until after the Illinois Route 26 interchange in Dixon, making the section between US 30 and Illinois 26 technically a freeway. It continues as a tollway until its terminus in Hillside. West of U. S. 30 to Interstate 80, Interstate 88 is a freeway. The tollway portion is 96 miles (154 km) long. After the death of Illinois native and former President Ronald Reagan in 2004, the Illinois State Toll Highway Authority voted to rename the toll roadway "Ronald Reagan Memorial Tol
brainstem (brān'stěm') The part of the vertebrate brain located at the base of the brain and made up of the medulla oblongata, pons, and midbrain. The brainstem controls and regulates vital body functions, including respiration, heart rate, and blood pressure. See also reticular formation.
Abby Sciuto Abigail `` Abby '' Sciuto -LSB- ˈʃuːtoʊ -RSB- is a fictional character from the NCIS television series on CBS Television , and is portrayed by Pauley Perrette . In a season 10 episode entitled `` Hit and Run '' , a young Abby was played by Brighton Sharbino in flashbacks . Like Jethro Gibbs , Anthony DiNozzo , and Dr. Donald Mallard , Abby was first introduced in the episodes `` Ice Queen '' and `` Meltdown '' of the television show JAG ( which together served as the backdoor pilot for NCIS ) , and has appeared in every episode of NCIS , in addition to being featured on the show 's spin-offs , NCIS : Los Angeles ( two episodes ) and NCIS : New Orleans ( two episodes ) . The role has made Perrette one of the most popular actresses on U.S. primetime television in 2011 , according to Q Score .   Abby Sciuto is a forensic scientist at the Naval Criminal Investigative Service headquarters at the Washington Navy Yard , with expertise in ballistics , digital forensics , and DNA analysis . In the first episode of the seventh season , `` Truth or Consequences '' , DiNozzo , while under the influence of a truth serum , describes her as `` a paradox wrapped in an oxymoron smothered in contradictions in terms . Sleeps in a coffin . Really , the happiest Goth you 'll ever meet . '' Her gothic style of dress and her interest in death and the supernatural enigmatically contrast with her generally hyperactive demeanor and enthusiasm about her work .
Biology Chapter 10 24 terms Tipsy Teresa Biology Chapter 10Learn Flashcards Write Spell Test Match Gravity Advertisement Upgrade to remove ads Like this study set? Create a free account to save it. Create a free account Maybe later1. Explain the problems that growth causes for cells The lardger a cell becomes, the more demands the cell places on its DNA. As a cell increases in size, it usually does not make extra copies of DNA. If a cell became too large, an "information crisis" would occur. The cell has more trouble moving enough nutrients and wastes across the cell membrane. The rate at which food, oxygen, and water enter the cell, as well as wast products leave the cell, depends on the surface area of the cell and the cell's volume. If a cell gets too large, it would be more difficult to get sufficient amounts of oxygen and nutrients in and waste products out.2. a) Describe what is meant by each of the following terms: cell volume, cell surface area, ratio of surface area to volume Cell volume is the amount of space the cell occupies and is found by multiplying the length of the cell by the width and by the height fo the cell. Cell surface area is the area of all the sides of the cell added together. It is the total area of the outside of the cell. The ratio of surface area to volume is the division of the surface area of the cell by the volume of the cell. If a cell had a volume of eight and a surface arfea of 24 then the ratio of surface area to volume ratio would be 24/8 or 3.2. b) As a cell increases in size, which increases more rapidly, its surface area or its volume? As a cell increases in size the volume of the cell increases more rapidly than the surface area.2. c) How is a cell's potential growth affected by its ratio of surface area to volume? As the cell increases in size the volume of the cell increases more rapidly than the surface area which causes a decrease in the cell's ratio of surface area to volume and makes it more difficult for the cell to move needed materials in and waste products out. If a cell gets too large, it would be more difficult to get sufficient amounts of oxygen and nutrients in and waste products out, so the cell has to stop growing before this happens.3. Describe how cell division solves the problems of cell growth. Cell division solves the problems of cell growth because cell division keeps the cells from getting too large but allows the organism enough cells to survive. Because of cell division the cells that die can me made up for and the cells work more efficiently.4. Summarize what happens during the process of cell division. In cell division, a cell copies its DNA, divides the nucleus, separates the sister chromatids, and then splits into two daughter cells.5. What is the relationship between interphase and cell division? Interphase is the time between cell divisions during which growth and preparation for division occurs. Interphase happens between every cell division and is not a part of the actual splitting of the cell.6. Name the main events of the cell cycle and discuss the relative length of the major events. The main events of the cell cycle are G1 phase, S phase, G2 phase, (these are all parts of interphase) prophase, metaphase, anaphase, telophase, and cytokinesis (these last five are M phase). Prophase, metaphase, anaphase, and telophase are all in mitosis. Interphase is the longest part of the cell cycle; cell division is only a small part. S phase is the longest phase of interphase and G2 phase is the shortest of the three phases of interphase. The longest phase of mitosis is prophase and it takes up 50 to 60% of the total time required to complete mitosis. Metaphase only lasts a few minutes.7. Summarize what happens during interphase. During interphase cells grow and prepare for the cell cycle. The cell grows and makes new proteins and organelles, chromosomes are replicated to make another copy of the DNA, and many organelles and molecules required for cell division are produced.8. Explain how the following terms are related to one another: DNA centromere chromo
Breakfast Breakfast Many people say a great breakfast is the most important meal of the day. When you pair one of our delicious breakfast options with a cup of Always Fresh coffee, it can also be the most delicious meal of the day. Available until 12 noon everyday. What Can We Get For You? Hot Breakfast Sandwich A Tims breakfast classic. Choose from a variety of meats on a Homestyle Biscuit, English Muffin or Bagel. Learn More Bagel B. E. L. T.®Breakfast should come in 5 layers. Bacon, seasoned egg omelette, lettuce, tomato and processed cheese, stacked on a bagel. Y. E. S. Learn More Fresh Grilled Breakfast Wraps Grilled to perfection and prepared fresh just for you, our grilled Breakfast Wraps will dramatically change the way you do breakfast. Learn More Homestyle Oatmeal Oatmeal the way grandma used to make it. Slow cooked and available in Maple or Mixed Berries. Learn More Hash Brown Make breakfast a meal by adding a Crispy, Golden Hash Brown to your sandwich and Always Fresh Coffee. Learn More Breakfast Snacks Looking for something quick and delicious to go with your Always Fresh Coffee? Look no further. Learn More YOU MIGHT ALSO ENJOY: Original Blend Our signature Original Blend with the familiar and satisfying taste that Canadians enjoy every day. Learn More French Vanilla Cozy up with our signature French Vanilla. Smooth, rich and delicious – it’s sure to warm your heart any time of the day. Learn More Donuts Single or by the dozen, Tims donuts are the snacks perfect moments are made of. Learn More 
DEFINITION of 'Accounting Valuation' DEFINITION of 'Accounting Valuation'Accounting valuation is the process of valuing a company's assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. Several accounting-valuation methods are used while preparing financial statements in order to value assets. Many valuation methods are stipulated by accounting rules, such as the need to use an accepted options model to value the options that a company grants to employees. Other assets are valued simply by the price paid, such as real estate. Typically, fixed assets are valued at the historical price. Marketable securities are valued at the current market price. Next Up Valuation Analysis Historic Pricing Terminal Value - TVRich Valuation BREAKING DOWN 'Accounting Valuation'Accounting valuation is important because the value of assets on a company's financial statements needs to be reliable. Analysis of this valuation is just as important as the valuation itself. Some assets, such as real estate, which is carried at cost less depreciation, can be carried on the balance sheet at far from their true value. Securities the firm owns for its own investment portfolio versus trading will have their own rules for valuation as well, as will bonds held for investment or trading. The updated quarterly or yearly information is made available in the form of financial statements and can be found in the investor relations area of most publicly trading firms' websites. RELATED TERMSValuation Analysis A valuation analysis is a process to estimate the approximate ... Historic Pricing A method for calculating the value of an asset using the last ... Terminal Value - TVThe value of a bond at maturity, or of an asset at a specified, ... Rich Valuation An asset that is being valued by investors at a very substantial ... Relative Value Relative value is a method of determining an asset or company's ... Adjusted Net Asset Method The adjusted net asset method is a business valuation technique ... Related Articles Managing Wealth Asset Manager Ethics: Valuation Is A Tricky Business Asset managers must accurately represent all of a clients assets in the client portfolio. This can be tricky for unique and hard-to-value assets. Investing Relative Valuation: Using Stocks To Value Other Stocks This effective approach will help you understand which stocks you should be investing in. Investing Mark-To-Market: Tool Or Trouble? Mark-to-market accounting can be a valuable practice, but all bets are off when the market fluctuates wildly. Investing Peer Comparison Uncovers Undervalued Stocks Learn how to put one of the top equity analysis tools to work for you. Investing Discounted Cash Flow (DCF)Discover how investors can use this valuation method to determine the intrinsic value of a stock. Investing Learn to Value Real Estate Investment Property Make sure you know what your real estate investment is worth before you sign the ownership papers. Learn what capitalization rate means to your net operating income. Investing How To Value An Internet Stock An academic study, published several years after the peak of the dot-com bubble in March 2000, accurately described just how whacky internet valuations grew until the bubble burst. The study's ... Investing What Is The Value In Value Investing? Value investing has its advantages, but it also has significant drawbacks. We look at the pros and cons. RELATED FAQSWhat is the difference between economic value and market value? Learn about the differences between economic value and market value. Discover how they serve different purposes for businesses ... Read Answer >>What can cause an asset to trade above its market value? Learn some of the factors that can affect the price of an investment asset and the major reasons why an asset might trade ... Read Answer >>What is the difference between carrying value and market value? Understand the difference between carrying value and market value. Learn when a company uses carrying value to value an asset ... Read Answer >>Why is it important for an investor to understand business accou
This comment is not toxic.
Civil news: exceptional legal aid funding for immigration cases Exceptional case funding under section 10 of LASPO is the only option for family reunion work. It remains the case that legal advice required on existing matters or new applications under the above Immigration Rules (after 15 December 2014) are not in the scope of Part 1, Schedule 1, of the LASPO Act.xceptional case funding under section 10 of LASPO is the only option for family reunion work. It remains the case that legal advice required on existing matters or new applications under the above Immigration Rules (after 15 December 2014) are not in the scope of Part 1, Schedule 1, of the LASPO Act.
Bermuda Triangle Previous (Bermuda) Next (Bernard Bolzano)One version of the Bermuda Triangle area The Bermuda Triangle, also known as the Devil's Triangle, is an area in the Atlantic Ocean where various disappearances of people and their aircraft and surface vessels have occurred. Some of the disappearances involve a level of mystery which is often popularly explained by a variety of theories beyond human error or acts of nature, attributed by some to the paranormal, a suspension of the laws of physics, or activity by extraterrestrial beings. Contents [ hide ]1 The Triangle area2 History of the Triangle story3 Incidents3.1 Ellen Austin3.2 USS Cyclops3.3 Flight 193.4 Douglas DC-33.5 Star Tiger and Star Ariel3.6 SS Marine Sulfur Queen3.7 USS Scorpion4 Paranormal theories5 Skeptics6 The Bermuda Triangle in popular culture7 Footnotes8 References9 External links10 Credits An abundance of documentation for most incidents suggests that the Bermuda Triangle is merely a sailors' legend, later embellished by professional writers. Popular interest in the idea continues, however, reflecting the irrepressible human yearning to fathom that which lies beyond the external, physical world and interact with the realms of the imagination and spirit. The Triangle area The area of the Triangle varies with the authors. The legends of the Bermuda Triangle do not come from one primary source, but rather are a continuance of an older tradition of stories passed on orally before being written down. Consequently the reports are subject to any number of cultural perspectives, making it is impossible to pinpoint its exact dimensions. The most common representation is an isosceles triangle that stretches from Miami, Florida, to San Juan, Puerto Rico; and the mid-Atlantic island of Bermuda, with most of the accidents concentrated along the southern boundary around the Bahamas and the Florida Straits. Another popular theory is that it is more of a trapezium covering the Straits of Florida, the Bahamas, and the entire Caribbean island area east to the Azores. Occasionally, the Gulf of Mexico is added under this theory. Beyond the exact geographical boundaries, the general area of the Atlantic, Caribbean, and Gulf of Mexico have been heavily-sailed shipping lanes since Christopher Columbus led the way for the European involvement of the New World. From colonial trade ships to the modern day, ships cross through the triangle waters daily for ports in the Americas and Europe, as well as the Caribbean Islands. Cruise ships are also plentiful, and pleasure craft regularly go back and forth between Florida and the islands. It is also a heavily flown route for commercial and private aircraft heading towards Florida, the Caribbean, and South America from points north. The climate in that area of the ocean can be fairly extreme. The Gulf Stream ocean current flows through the Triangle after leaving the Gulf of Mexico. Sudden storms can and do appear, and in the summer to late fall, the occasional hurricane strikes the area. The combination of heavy maritime traffic and tempestuous weather makes it inevitable that vessels could founder in storms and be lost without a trace—especially before modern telecommunications, radar, and satellite technology arrived late in the twentieth century. History of the Triangle story Did you know? The Bermuda Triangle in the Atlantic Ocean, where a number of aircraft and ships are said to have disappeared under mysterious circumstances, is also known as the Devil's Triangle Since humankind began to sail the oceans, there have been stories of cursed waters where ships and people disappear. These disappearances were attributed to everything from vengeful deities, sea serpents, even to the purported edge of the world, when people believed Earth was flat and a ship could fall off the edge. With the advent of modern sailing equipment and techniques, along with scientific understanding of the ocean, much of the maritime lore of earlier days faded away. A few areas remained that became designated as areas of paranormal activity, the mos
For the most part no. Sound travels in waves like light, but they need a material to pass through. The reason you can hear sound on Earth is that vibrations can pass between atoms and molecules and carry sounds through space until they contact your eardrums. In space the concentration of matter is to low to carry sound so you would not be able to hear anything. You could however hear sounds that came from your space suit there would be oxygen and other gasses in your helmet that sound waves could travel through.
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
- page content the independent electricity system operator ieso works at the heart of ontario s power system ensuring there is enough power to meet the province s energy needs in real time while also planning and securing energy for the futureit does this byntario s ieso works to ensure sufficient electricity is available whenever and wherever it s needed ensuring there is enough energy to meet demand is an ongoing and highly complex process requiring the close coordination of all parts of the system
History of the FA Cup thirteen years earlier, however, while Blackpool had been up against a Bolton side reduced to nine fit men, Sheffield Wednesday, by contrast, were in no way handicapped. The match, however, was largely forgotten as it was overshadowed by England's World Cup victory later that year. The record for most FA Cup wins by a player is held by Ashley Cole, who has won it seven times (with Arsenal in 2002, 2003 and 2005, and Chelsea in 2007, 2009, 2010 and 2012). With Chelsea's victory over Portsmouth in the 2010 final, Cole beat the record of five jointly held by Charles
Top 30 Doctor insights on: What Does High Nitrates In Urine Mean Urine Issue: High levels of nitrites in your urine can be a sign that you have bacteria in your urine. The fact that you have a strange odor to your urine may indicate infection. Your urine can be sent for a bacterial culture to identify a particular bacteria causing the infection.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Get the number of reminders.
There are some demanding uses of computers, where *any* data loss is intolerable. Write-back writes only when necessary or after some interval, but if the power goes off in the meantime, what was in cache is lost. Imagine it like autosaves in games where every 10 minutes it saves. What you did since the last save might be lost. Now in things like banking, data loss of any sort could mean big trouble. Imagine if your direct deposit check was in the middle of being updated in your account and the bank lost power. Might have just lost that transaction! Write-through is more demanding of computer resources, but it's okay because the reduction in potential data loss is more important.
Economic history of Africa and coincided with Germany's sudden emergence as an imperial power. Called for by Portugal and organized by Otto von Bismarck, first Chancellor of Germany, its outcome, the General Act of the Berlin Conference, can be seen as the formalization of the Scramble for Africa. The conference ushered in a period of heightened colonial activity by European powers, while simultaneously eliminating most existing forms of African autonomy and self-governance. During this colonial time, the economy of Africa was re-arranged to serve Europe and Europeans, and the European industrial chain began in Africa and ended in European industrial warehouses. All of Africa
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
How do I stop my dog from crying for no reason?
Classic Roman dishes Among the classic Roman pasta dishes are: 1  bucatini all'Amatriciana (thick, hollow spaghetti in a slightly spicy tomato sauce studded with pancetta [belly bacon] or guanciale [jowl bacon]). 2  spaghetti alla carbonara (with eggs, pancetta, and cracked pepper). 3  pasta al pomodoro (in a plain tomato sauce).
A key aspect of the Gates Foundation's U.S. efforts involves an overhaul of the country's education policies at both the K-12 and college levels, including support for teacher evaluations and charter schools and opposition to seniority-based layoffs and other aspects of the education system that are typically backed by teachers' unions. It spent $373 million on education in 2009. It has also donated to the two largest national teachers' unions. The foundation was the biggest early backer of the Common Core State Standards Initiative.
Jim Hegerle Jim Hegerle (February 17, 1936 – June 26, 2007), also known as Jimmy Hegerle, was a light heavyweight professional boxer from Saint Paul, Minnesota.
What is the approximate speed of jet plane in kilmometers per hour? Cars & Transportation Aircraft What is the approximate speed of jet plane in kilmometers per hour? Follow 16 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: The passenger jet I travel on goes about 850-900km/hr When you get more answers in M/PH the conversion rate is 1mile=1.6 kmlukumuss · 10 years ago0 0 Comment Depending upon the type of Jet Plane, jets can fly anywhere from about 140 miles per hour and 2 thousand miles per hour. Jets routinely fly in the lower end of the speed range, taking off and landing below 140 miles per hour, and cruising at altitude between 400 and 550 miles per hour. Going faster than that means approaching or breaking through the sound barrier which is not done by the average commercial jet liners and transport (freight) jets. Really fast speeds are accomplished by military jets used for fast attack and ultra high speed reconaissance from high altitudes. Isabella · 2 years ago0 0 Comment The conversion numbers given are from miles per hour to kilometers per hour. Jet aircraft speeds are generally measure in knots (Nautical miles : 1 nautical mile = approx 1.15 statute miles = 1.61 kilometers. What really matters is ground speed-how fast the aircraft is traveling over the ground. At altitude, an aircraft could be flying 300 knots indicated air speed, but have a ground speed of 500 knots. To covert knots to km/h, multiply the speed in knots by 1.85. I fly all the time with an 500 knot ground speed, which translates to 925 km/h. Last week, we had a strong tailwind and a 600 knot ground speed = 1110 km/h Source (s): I'm an airline pilot Joe Pilot · 10 years ago1 0 Comment Speed Of A Jet Source (s):https://shrinke.im/baoc Wfeatherston · 1 year ago0 0 Comment Then you can add or subtract wind speed to get the ground speed. You might be getting the picture by now that you have asked a loaded question. It depends on the type of airplane, the altitude it is at, the weather conditions around it, and if it is capable of (or allowed to) break the speed of sound. Supersonic aircraft will generate sonic booms that are generally illegal to make over populated land. Sphinx XXVII · 10 years ago0 0 Comment The speed of modern Jet planes is 680-900 Km/hr..... sources:en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jet_airc... Preethi R · 10 years ago0 0 Comment All that assumes you mean typical jet passenger airliners. "Jet plane" can mean anything from a Cessna Citation at 400 MPH (640 KMH) up to the SR-71 Blackbird at 2,200 MPH (3,230 KMH). You can find the specific information for any type of airplane by doing an internet search on the name of the aircraft type, like the rest of us. Good luck!Source (s):retired airline captainaviophage · 10 years ago1 0 Comment900 to 1000 km/h. Fastest jet transport is 747-400, which flies at Mach .86, or a little over 600 mph (1000 km/h). DT3238 · 10 years ago0 0 Comment750 Kms to 900 Kms per hourrajan · 10 years ago0 0 Comment I agree with joe pilot, what matter is Ground Speed and not Indicated. on an average as my a/c cost index if 10 we get 450kts as ground speed to get this in KM/h multiply by 1.85. regards Source (s): I am a Pilot Gurpal Singh · 10 years ago0 0 Comment1 2 next Perhaps you would like to learn more about one of these? Best Home Security System? Get an MBA while working Need Home Equity Loan Options? Find the best luxury cars 
Is APA style single or double spaced? The spacing should be double space to properly format the paper using the APA style. Paragraph should be started with at least 5 spaces. For the body paragraphs, the first lin…e should always be indented. Also, there should be two spaces after each period.
How Far is the Driving Distance from Los Angeles to Las Vegas by Car, and How Long Does it Take? That all depends on what part of the massive LA area you’re starting out from, but from city hall in downtown Los Angeles, it’s exactly 263 miles (or 424 kilometers), to the Las Vegas Strip, (specifically, Mandalay Bay). In normal traffic, it would take you approximately four hours to drive it by car.
The active chemical that cause the effects of marijuana use, THC, also dilates the veins in the eyes, thus making them red and glossy.
Who Is Ivana Trump? 11 Facts About Ivanka's Mother And Donald's Ex-Wife Who Is Ivana Trump? 11 Facts About Ivanka's Mother And Donald's Ex-Wife By Cristina Silva @cristymsilva On 07/21/16 AT 9:58 PMIvana Trump arrives at amf AR's Cinema Against AIDS 2006 event in France, May 25, 2006. Photo: Reuters Melania Trump called her husband "intensely loyal to family" during a widely watched speech Monday night at the Republican National Convention. But she isn't his first wife. Of Donald Trump's three marriages, his longest marriage was to Ivana Trump, the mother of his three oldest children. Their daughter, Ivanka Trump, was scheduled to introduce her father Thursday night before he gave his formal presidential nomination acceptance speech. "In a decade of glitz, they were the glitziest; in a decade of greed, they were the greediest: He the scrappy investor who made a fortune wheeling and dealing real estate, she the gregarious, Czech-born outsider who charmed and clawed her way into New York's most refined social circles," People magazine once wrote about their marriage. To truly understand the Trump family dynamics, here are 11 facts about his first first lady.1. Ivana Trump and Donald Trump divorced in 1991 after his much-publicized affair with model Marla Maples, who later became his second wife.2. Ivana Trump claims she told Donald Trump to run for president years ago. "Probably five years before our divorce, Reagan or somebody brought him a letter and said, ‘You should run for president,'" Donald’s first wife told the New York Post. "So he was thinking about it. But then . . . there was the divorce, there was the scandal, and American women loved me and hated him."3. Ivana Trump and Donald Trump are still friendly toward each other.4. She claims she gives him campaign advice. "We speak before and after the appearances and he asks me what I thought," she told the New York Post.5. She grew up in Czechoslovakia, where she was a competitive skier before she became a model.6. She meet Donald Trump at a New York restaurant where she was eating with friends in 1976. He picked up the tab. The couple wed in 1977.7. She had three children with Donald Trump: Donald Jr., Ivanka and Eric.8. She often spends time with her ex-husband and sometime lover, Rossano Rubicondi, according to tabloids. He was her fourth husband and they divorced in 2009 after only being married a year.9. She once accused Donald Trump of raping her. She later said she felt "violated." "During a deposition given by me in connection with my matrimonial case, I stated that my husband had raped me," she said. " [O]n one occasion during 1989, Mr. Trump and I had marital relations in which he behaved very differently toward me than he had during our marriage. As a woman, I felt violated, as the love and tenderness, which he normally exhibited towards me, was absent. I referred to this as a ‘rape,’ but I do not want my words to be interpreted in a literal or criminal sense. "She again clarified her feelings on the incident last year: "I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time of very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit. Donald and I are the best of friends and together have raised three children that we love and are very proud of. I have nothing but fondness for Donald and wish him the best of luck on his campaign. Incidentally, I think he would make an incredible president."10. Her divorce from Donald Trump was granted in 1991 because of "cruel and inhuman treatment" of Ivana.11. She allegedly isn't a big fan of Melania Trump. "She can’t talk, she can’t give a speech, she doesn’t go to events, she doesn’t (seem to) want to be involved," she said, according to the New York Daily News in October. 
- In Nevada. The 10 largest cities in Nevada are Las Vegas, Reno, Carson City,  Henderson, North Las Vegas and Sparks. Enterprise, Sunrise Manor,  Spring Valley, and Paradise round out t … he 10 largest cities in  Nevada.
- A Florida Notary Public... 1  Perform a marriage ceremony in the State of Florida for all individuals (including any family members) with a valid Florida marriage license. 2  Charge up to $10.00 per notarial signature on a document; charge up to $20.00 for performing a marriage ceremony.an: 1  Perform a marriage ceremony in the State of Florida for all individuals (including any family members) with a valid Florida marriage license. 2  Charge up to $10.00 per notarial signature on a document; charge up to $20.00 for performing a marriage ceremony.
Why do some people cut off all ties to their parents?
Galilean moons close to the limit of human visual acuity. Ganymede and Callisto, at their maximum separation, are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation. GIF animation of the resonance of Io, Europa, and Ganymede <br> Galilean moons The Galilean moons are the four largest moons of Jupiter—Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto. They were first seen by Galileo Galilei in January 1610, and recognized by him as satellites of Jupiter in March 1610. They were the first objects found to orbit another planet. Their names derive from the lovers of Zeus. They are among the largest objects in the Solar System with
SYS file extension Dangerous and malicious file type. The sys file extension is associated with system files, which contain code needed to properly load and configure Windows and were also used in MS-DOS system. The sys files can also be part of hardware drivers and contain various instruction for their flawless operation.
Leaking Amniotic Fluid â Signs, Causes And Treatment Amniotic fluid is: 1  Generally odourless. 2  Continues to leak, sometimes a steady flow. 3  Your undergarments and liners/pads will need to be changed often as the leak is steady.  You have no control over the flow, unlike 1  urine. The fluid is mostly clear, possibly tinged with white specs and mucous or a bit of blood.
For an object to ignite due to pure friction with the air, it has to be moving *extremely* quickly. Baumgartner simply never reached those speeds. The key phrase is "things from space get burned." They get burned because it is very easy to gain velocity in space due to lack of air resistance. They then carry the kinetic energy from that velocity into the atmosphere and the energy is turned into the friction that causes the burning. Baumgartner jumped from what is called "near space," where there are still gasses that would have been resisting his motion and reducing his downward velocity from the second he jumped. He was never in free fall in the true sense of the word, and thus never even exceeded terminal velocity by much, let alone the speed needed to ignite. [This graph](_URL_0_) sums it up well. Notice how terminal speed is lower the closer he gets to Earth. The gasses were slowing him down the whole way, preventing him from falling fast enough to burn.
Not a physician, but from my past conversations with my med student fiance, it is my understanding the killing cancer cells does not necessarily kill what is causing the cells to mutate. If a random event causes the cells to become cancerous then I believe that killing the cells will kill the cancer. However, if there is an underlying cause of the cells mutating, then you would have to target that problem. Also, there are many different ways that cells can mutate to become cancerous and targeting each and every one of those seems to be fairly difficult.
Math Functions, Relations, Domain & Range Worksheet on Functions in Math (relations, domain and range). This worksheet goes in tandem with this web page. So, what is a 'relation'? Show Answer Video Lesson Functions, Relations, Domain And Range Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:00 / 7:12Challengeyour friends0/10Score You Scored a Fair6/10Thank you for playing !Start Next quiz How Good is your Basic Algebra?x * x = 2x x + x = 2x Slope of a straight line changes at different points in the line In the general equation , y =mx + b, 'b' is the x-intercept In the general equation, y = mx + b, 'b' is the y-intercept The solution to the equation x + 2 = x + 5 is the empty set (i.e. "no solution") x + 3 = y is a quadratic equation The slope of a horizontal line is zero The slope of a vertical line is undefined For all real values of x : x+3 = 3x TRUEFALSEsponsored Advertisementsponsored Advertisementsponsored Advertisement What is the domain and range of a 'relation'? Show Answer Examplesof the Domain and Range Example 1In the relation above the domain is { 0, 3, 90 } And the range is { 1, 22, 34 }Example 2Arrow Chart Relations are often represented using arrow charts connecting the domain and range elements. Example 3Domain and range of a relation In the relation above, the domain is { 2, 4, 11, -21} the range is is { -5, 31, -11, 3}I. Practice Identifying Domain and Range Problem 1What is the domain and range of the following relation? { (-1,2), (2, 51), (1, 3), (8, 22), (9, 51) }Show Answer Problem 2What is the domain and range of the following relation? { (-5,6), (21, -51), (11, 93), (81, 202), (19, 51) }Show Answer Problem 3What is the domain and range of the following relation? Show Answer Interactive Relation See this demonstration by itself What makes a relation a function? Show Answer What's an easy way to do this? Show Answer II. Practice Identifying Functions Problem 1Which relations below are functions? Show Answer Relation #1 { (-1,2), (-4,51), (1,2), (8,-51) }Relation #2 { (13,14), (13,5), (16,7), (18,13) }Relation #3 { (3,90), (4,54), (6,71), (8,90) }Problem 2Which relations below are functions? Show Answer Relation #1 { (3,4), (4,5), (6,7), (8,9) }Relation #2 { (3,4), (4,5), (6,7), (3,9) }Relation #3 { (-3,4), (4,-5), (0,0), (8,9) }Relation #4 { (8, 11), (34,5), (6,17), (8,19) }Practice 3For the following relation to be a function, X can not be what values? Show Answer { ( 8, 11), ( 34 ,5), ( 6 ,17), (X ,22) }Practice 4For the relation below to be a function, X cannot be what values? Show Answer { ( 12, 13), ( -11, 22), ( 33, 101), (X ,22) }Practice 5For the relation below to be a function, X cannot be what values? Show Answer { ( 12 ,14), ( 13 ,5) , ( -2 ,7), (X,13) }Further Reading Functions Home Vertical Line Test One to one function Inverse of a Function Images 
Where can I download synaptics touchpad drivers?
"Both are saying essentially the same thing.  The Forbes articles says ""as much as 20% [...] up to a maximum of $50,000"".  This means the same as what the IRS page when it says the lesser of a percentage of your income or a total of $53,000.  In other words, the $53k is a cap: you can contribute a percentage of your earnings, but you can never contribute more than $53k, even if you make so much money that 20% of your earnings would be more than that. (The difference between 20% and 25% in the two sources appears to reflect a difference in contribution limits depending on whether you are making contributions for employees, or for yourself as a self-employed individual; see Publication 560.  The difference between $50k and $53k is due to the two pages being written in different years; the limits increase each year.)"
What are the best websites to visit everyday?
It depends. Definitions can differ. 1. simple pH. If it's below 7, it's acidic, if it's exactly 7, neutral and above it's a base. 2. Proton donator and acceptor. Acids have protons (H+) and give them up so they are the donators and the base has a free electron pair (or more) takes them in with a covalent bond. (Brønsted) 3. Donator or acceptor of electron pairs. Here it's reversed, the one that accepts the covalent bond and the base is the one donating it. (Lewis) ps. please excuse issues with terminology i'm neither a native english speaker nor a chemist.
Norton Toolbar and Microsoft Edge Browser Compatibility Norton Toolbar and Microsoft Edge Browser Compatibility. Microsoft has introduced a new default browser with Windows 10 called Microsoft Edge. The new browser aims to provide a faster, more flexible and customizable experience. According to Microsoft, the browser-based products and features that we deliver today will not be compatible with Edge. The following Norton product features will not be compatible with the new Microsoft Edge browser:
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Manitoba's minimum wage jumps a quarter in October Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 18/6/2014 (1393 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current. Manitoba’s minimum wage goes up by 25 cents to $10.70 an hour Oct. 1. Labour and Immigration Minister Erna Braun said in a statement today the increase will be the 14th straight year the minimum wage has gone up.“This most recent increase builds on our long-term plan to provide the lowest wage earners increased purchasing power so they can better provide for themselves and their families," Braun said. The increase of 25 cents per hour brings the current minimum wage to $10.70 from $10.45. It will put Manitoba the fourth-highest among other Canadian jurisdictions. Ontario raised its minimum wage to $11 an hour effective June 1. Saskatchewan will increase its minimum wage from $10 to $10.20 per hour effective Oct. 1. 
The emotion expressed in this message is surprise.
- The median home value in Chapel Hill is $334,400. Chapel Hill home values have gone up 1.4% over the past year and Zillow predicts they will rise 3.1% within the next year. The median rent price in Chapel Hill is $1,400, which is higher than the Durham Metro median of $1,300.
LLR & Orbital Motion
Historically, animation has been drawn one frame at a time. The primary artists might draw out key frames then hand them off to a group of animators who draw the frames in between. These days, you can have a computer interpolate the from and to and generate the frames in between. With 3D animation, you can do it in the same manner with the animator positioning the meshes of moving things for each frame. But it's sometimes more practical to use cameras to follow a real actor making the movements which are then mapped on to the 3D mesh to make it move.
Dennis the Menace (1959 TV series) Episodes". Dennis the Menace (1959 TV series) Dennis the Menace is an American sitcom based on the Hank Ketcham comic strip of the same name and preceding "The Ed Sullivan Show" on Sunday evenings on CBS from October 1959 to July 1963. The series stars Jay North as Dennis Mitchell; Herbert Anderson as his father, Henry; Gloria Henry as his mother, Alice; Joseph Kearns as George Wilson; Gale Gordon as George's brother, John Wilson; Sylvia Field as George's wife, Martha Wilson; and Sara Seegar as John's wife, Eloise Wilson. Originally sponsored by Kellogg's cereals and Best Foods (Skippy peanut butter),
Tito's foreign policy led to relationships with a variety of governments, such as exchanging visits (1954 and 1956) with Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia, where a street was named in his honor.
Pneumonia Pneumonia Also known as Pneumonia is a bacterial, viral, or fungal infection of one or both sides of the lungs that causes the air sacs, or alveoli, of the lungs to fill up with fluid or pus. Symptoms can be mild or severe and may include a cough with phlegm (a slimy substance), fever, chills, and trouble breathing. Many factors affect how serious pneumonia is, such as the type of germ causing the lung infection, your age, and your overall health. Pneumonia tends to be more serious for children under the age of five, adults over the age of 65, people with certain conditions such as heart failure, diabetes, or COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease), or people who have weak immune systems due to HIV/AIDS, chemotherapy (a treatment for cancer), or organ or blood and marrow stem cell transplant procedures. To diagnose pneumonia, your doctor will review your medical history, perform a physical exam, and order diagnostic tests. This information can help your doctor determine what type of pneumonia you have. If your doctor suspects you got your infection while in a hospital, you may be diagnosed with hospital-acquired pneumonia. If you have been on a ventilator to help you breathe, you may have ventilator-associated pneumonia. The most common form of pneumonia is community-acquired pneumonia, which is when you get an infection outside of a hospital. Treatment depends on whether bacteria, viruses, or fungi are causing your pneumonia. If bacteria are causing your pneumonia, you usually are treated at home with oral antibiotics. Most people respond quickly to treatment. If your symptoms worsen you should see a doctor right away. If you have severe symptoms or underlying health problems, you may need to be treated in a hospital. It may take several weeks to recover from pneumonia. Explore this Health Topic to learn more about pneumonia, our role in research and clinical trials to improve health, and where to find more information. Causes Risk Factors Screening and Prevention Signs, Symptoms, and Complications Diagnosis Treatment Living With Participate in NHLBI Clinical Trials More Information RELATED EVENT2017 NHLBI Pneumonia Working Group: Advancing Pneumonia Research in Heart, Lung, and Blood Diseases August 21 - 22, 2017NIHThis working group will focus on identifying the gaps that will lead to improved understanding of the host factors ... 
1. They collect data on you by default for targeted advertising. 2. They have a lot of services that default or redirect to Bing, which they get ad revenue from. 3. Much of their business comes from corporations using their products, not individual users. Indeed, Enterprise builds are not covered by the same upgrade deal as Win 7/8.1 Home and Professional.
Can my Specialist degree be equalized to Bachelor degree? I have graduated from Russian university after 5 years of education and got a Specialist degree (Engineer in Computer Science). According to Wikipedia, Specialist is a four-tier degree and stands right above Master degree in some specialities. But despite graduation requirements and due to the duration, I suggest, it can only be put right above Bachelor degree. So the next step I should take is to continue my education to then get Master degree. Is my suggestion right? Or do I think about it wrong way?

If it helps or is necessary, I'm planning to continue education in Canadian university.
In 27 BC, Lusitania gained the status of Roman province. Later, a northern province of Lusitania was formed, known as Gallaecia, with capital in Bracara Augusta, today's Braga. There are still many ruins of castros (hill forts) all over modern Portugal and remains of Castro culture. Numerous Roman sites are scattered around present-day Portugal, some urban remains are quite large, like Conímbriga and Mirobriga. The former, beyond being one of the largest Roman settlements in Portugal, is also classified as a National Monument. Conímbriga lies 16 km from Coimbra which by its turn was the ancient Aeminium). The site also has a museum that displays objects found by archaeologists during their excavations.
Costs of the Death Penalty Costs of the Death Penalty State and Federal Cost Studies DPIC Testimony and Presentations on Costs DPIC Reports Related to Costs: The 2% Death Penalty: How a Minority of Counties Produce Most Death Cases at Enormous Costs to All (2013)Smart on Crime: Reconsidering the Death Penalty in a Time of Economic Crisis (2009)Millions Misspent: What Politicians Don't Say About the High Costs of the Death Penalty (1994)Cost News & Developments - Current Year Cost News & Developments - Previous Years2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 20032002 1998-2001Financial Facts About the Death Penalty Oklahoma An independent study of the costs of seeking and imposing the death penalty in Oklahoma, prepared for the Oklahoma Death Penalty Review Commission, found that seeking the death penalty in Oklahoma "incurs significantly more time, effort, and costs on average, as compared to when the death penalty is not sought in first degree murder cases." The report—prepared by Seattle University criminal justice professors Peter A. Collins and Matthew J. Hickman and law professor Robert C. Boruchowitz, with research support by Alexa D. O’Brien—determined that, on average, Oklahoma capital cases cost 3.2 times more than non-capital cases. Reviewing 15 state studies of death penalty costs conducted between 2000 and 2016, the study found that, across the country, seeking the death penalty imposes an average of approximately $700,000 more in case-level costs than not seeking death. The researchers wrote that "all of these studies have found ... that seeking and imposing the death penalty is more expensive than not seeking it." The Oklahoma study reviewed 184 first-degree murder cases from Oklahoma and Tulsa counties in the years 2004-2010 and analyzed costs incurred at the pre-trial, trial, sentencing, and post-sentencing (appeals and incarceration) stages. Capital prosecutions, it found, cost the counties more than 1½ times the amount of incarceration costs than did non-capital trials because capital defendants spent an average of 324 more days in jail prior to and during death penalty trials. Prosecutors spent triple in pre-trial and trial costs on death penalty proceedings, while defense teams spent nearly 10 times more. Oklahoma capital appeal proceedings cost between five and six times more than non-capital appeals of first-degree murder convictions. The study "conservatively estimated" that an Oklahoma capital case cost $110,000 more on average than a non-capital case. The researchers said their results were "consistent with all previous research on death penalty costs, which have found that in comparing similar cases, seeking and imposing the death penalty is more expensive than not seeking it." They concluded, "It is a simple fact that seeking the death penalty is more expensive. There is not one credible study, to our knowledge, that presents evidence to the contrary." (P. Collins, M. Hickman, and R. Boruchowitz, " An Analysis of the Economic Costs of Capital Punishment in Oklahoma ," April 2017, Appendix 1B to The Report of the Oklahoma Death Penalty Review Commission, April 25, 2017; S. Vincent, " Costly death penalty cases strain state resources, report says ," Tulsa World, Apr. 29, 2017. )New Mexico A February 2017 Fiscal Impact Report prepared by the Legislative Finance Committee of the New Mexico legislature estimated that bringing back the death penalty for three types of homicides in the state would cost as much as $7.2 million over the first three years. The report notes that "Between 1979 and 2007 when the death penalty was an option to prosecutors, there were over 200 death penalty cases filed, but only 15 men sentenced to death and only one execution." The Law Offices of the Public Defender reports that the defense costs for the two New Mexico death penalty cases that remain in the system following the prospective repeal of the state's death penalty statute have been $607.4 thousand for one case and $1.3 million for the other. The Fiscal Impact Report also contains a surve
Yes, and overwhelmingly so. However, you have to be careful about what you mean when you say "Big Bang Theory", for it is *not* a theory about how the universe was *created*, but rather how it has *evolved*. Despite what anyone will tell you, we physicists currently have no idea how the universe was created.
In the first half of the twentieth century, almost all elevators had no automatic positioning of the floor on which the cab would stop. Some of the older freight elevators were controlled by switches operated by pulling on adjacent ropes. In general, most elevators before WWII were manually controlled by elevator operators using a rheostat connected to the motor. This rheostat (see picture) was enclosed within a cylindrical container about the size and shape of a cake. This was mounted upright or sideways on the cab wall and operated via a projecting handle, which was able to slide around the top half of the cylinder.
- The Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends that carbohydrates make up 45 to 65 percent of your total daily calories. So, if you get 2,000 calories a day, between 900 and 1,300 calories should be from carbohydrates. That translates to between 225 and 325 grams of carbohydrates a day.
Spy gadgets, top secret documents and bullet holes: Aboard the U.S. Navy ship captured more than 40 years ago by North Korea Spy gadgets, top secret documents and bullet holes: Aboard the U. S. Navy ship captured more than 40 years ago by North Korea By Daily Mail Reporter Published: 17:41 EDT, 17 April 2012 | Updated: 17:41 EDT, 17 April 201214View comments Its captivity is an enduring reminder of tensions between the United States and North Korea throughout the Cold War - the bullet holes riddling its rooms a frightening memory of the lives lost. Now, more than 40 years after its capture by North Korean forces in 1968, photographs from aboard the USS Pueblo give a haunting insight into the lives of the men who struggled to maintain its control. Walls of gauges, switches and typing and printing devices pay tribute to its few short months as a spying ship for the U. S., before it was seized and moored onthe Taedong River in Pyongyang. Captured: USS Pueblo was seized by the North Koreans during the Cold War and is moored in Pyongyang Insight: Photos taken inside this year - 44 years after its capture - show the spying vessel's surveillance hub Remembered: The ship, which contains soldiers' clothes found on board, is now used as a museum The vessel - the only ship of the U. S. Navy currently held captive - is now open to visitors as a museum in North Korea, its unpainted walls and unswept floors capturing a fearful moment in time. Images taken aboard show stark rooms designed to focus on their mission; communication boards stretching into every corner and lookout spots throughout the ship. RELATED ARTICLESPrevious 1 Next'We didn't know to be afraid': Five surviving vets from... The parachuting dog of war: Secret story of brave Bing who... Share this article The ship was seized on January 23, 1968; the U. S. Navy claimed it was in international waters, while North Korea said it was sailing within their territory. The Japanese visitor, who took pictures for Rocket News 24, said his guide told him as he toured the vessel: 'Even today, America continues to beg the ship to be returned. 'Spies: The ship was collecting data on Soviet naval patterns when it was chased by North Korean boats Terror: When the ship tried to flee, it came under fire, with the scores of bullet holes still visible Remaining evidence: As they came under attack, the crew failed to destroy all sensitive material The U. S. maintained it was an observation ship, while the North Koreans claimed it was a warship - a claim that could be supported by the scores of bullet holes in the ship, Rocket News reported. According to the American account, Pueblo was on orders to intercept and conduct surveillance of Soviet ships when a North Korean sub chaser crept upon the vessel. When it demanded the ship stand down or expect fire, the American commander attempted to move away but could not out-outmaneuver the sub chaser and growing numbers of torpedo boats. Shock: The men were not prepared for an attack and the ammunition was below deck. One crew member died Lookouts: The ship was travelling from Japan with more than 80 crew members when it was captured History: After the men were snatched from the ship, they were taken to a POW camp where they were tortured Despite expecting an imminent attack, the crew were unable to access the ship's ammunition below deck - and most were untrained in how to use the machine guns, which were wrapped in tarps. With the North Koreans trying to board the ship, one of the sub chasers fired a cannon at the ship, killing a member of the crew. A U. S. soldier, Duane Hodges, was also killed. Other vessels barraged the boat with bullets as the Americans tried to destroy the sensitive material - yet they only managed to ruin 'a small percentage' of documents, according to witnesses. In demand: A tour guide told a Japanese visitor that 'American continues to beg for its return'When the North Koreans boarded the ship, the 82 crew members were tied, blindfolded and beaten They were taken to POW camps, where some crew members were tortured before th
What is PROTEST? “Protest,” in a technical sense, means only the formal declaration drawn up and signed by the notary; yet, as used by commercial men, the word includes all the steps necessary to charge an indorser.
What are Ginger Jars? With the advent of food canisters and containers, ginger jars are seldom used for their designed purpose in today’s modern world. They have become a decorative eye piece that can accent any room, and they are commonly used for storing items.
Because our economy isn't built around ripping tourists off or building useless shit in the hopes of it resulting in never-ending growth instead of a big bubble that's bound to burst, son. Now get me another beer, will you.
. An encoder is an electrical mechanical device that converts linear or rotary displacement into digital or pulse signals. The most popular type of encoder is the optical encoder, which consists of a rotating disk, a light source, and a photo detector (light sensor). The disk, which is mounted on the rotating shaft, has patterns of opaque and transparent sectors coded into the disk (see Figure 1). As the disk rotates, these patterns interrupt the light emitted onto the photo detector, generating a digital or pulse signal output. An incremental encoder generates a pulse for each incremental step in it's rotation. Although the incremental encoder does not output absolute position, it can provide high resolution at an acceptable price. For example, an incremental encoder with a single code track, referred to as a tachometer encoder, generates a pulse signal whose frequency indicates the velocity of displacement. However, the output of the single-channel encoder does not indicate direction. To determine direction, a two-channel, or quadrature, encoder uses two detectors and two code tracks. The most common type of incremental encoder uses two output channels (A and B) to sense position. Using two code tracks with sectors positioned 90° out of phase, the two output channels of the quadrature encoder indicate both position and direction of rotation. If A leads B, for example, the disk is rotating in a clockwise direction. If B leads A, then the disk is rotating in a counter-clockwise direction. Therefore, by monitoring both the number of pulses and the relative phase of signals A and B, you can track both the position and direction of rotation. In addition, some quadrature detectors include a third output channel, called a zero or reference signal, which supplies a single pulse per revolution. This single pulse can be used for precise determination of a reference position 
What Is the New Jersey SUI/SDI Tax? If you work in New Jersey, you'll notice a couple extra taxes withheld from your pay. You and the employer pay State Disability Insurance and State Unemployment Insurance taxes. Although additional taxes mean a little less money in your wallet now, they fund programs and benefits that may help if you're ever disabled or out of a job. A close up of a paycheck slipcredit: jianghaistudio/i Stock/Getty Images State Disability Insurance Tax The SDI tax helps fund the New Jersey Temporary Disability Insurance Program. New Jersey's state disability program provides benefits to employees unable to work due to a disability. Unlike workman's compensation, the disability doesn't have to be the result of an injury or illness that occurred on the job. In 2014, the maximum amount of taxable wages for SDI is $31,500. As of 2014, the employer tax rate for SDI is .5 percent. Established employers are assigned pay rates annually based on their experience ratings. All employees pay at a rate of .38 percent on $31,500. State Unemployment Insurance Tax The SUI tax funds the state unemployment program. If you've worked the same job for at least 20 weeks and lose it through no fault of your own, this is the program that could help you out. In 2014, new employers pay 3.4 percent of the employee's taxable wages up to $31,500. Established employers pay rates between 0.60 percent and 6.40 percent on taxable wages. Employees pay 0.3825 percent to the Unemployment Compensation Fund and 0.0425 percent to the Workforce Development Fund, which is a total of 0.4250 percent on wages up to $31,500. 
Costco Hours Costco Close at 8:30 PM on weekdays from Monday to Friday. On Saturday it is open at 9 30 AM (30 minutes early) and closes at 6 PM. On Sunday it opens at 10 AM and closes at 6:00 PM. Costco values the family time of their employee, so they closes early on weekends. Costco Store Hours.
Acting on State Secretary Acheson's recommendation, President Truman ordered General MacArthur to transfer matériel to the Army of the Republic of Korea while giving air cover to the evacuation of U.S. nationals. The President disagreed with advisers who recommended unilateral U.S. bombing of the North Korean forces, and ordered the US Seventh Fleet to protect the Republic of China (Taiwan), whose government asked to fight in Korea. The United States denied ROC's request for combat, lest it provoke a communist Chinese retaliation. Because the United States had sent the Seventh Fleet to "neutralize" the Taiwan Strait, Chinese premier Zhou Enlai criticized both the UN and U.S. initiatives as "armed aggression on Chinese territory."
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
Sahara Desert - The World's Largest Desert Sahara Desert - The World's Largest Desert The Sahara is the world's largest desert. Only a small part of the Sahara is fertile and it is here that corn, dates and other fruits grow. These parts are fed by underground rivers and oases. The Sahara can be an inspirational experience at night, with the air being crisp, clean and clear and the stars being so close you can almost touch them. The Sahara desert stretches across much of North Africa covering over 9,000,000 square kilometers (roughly the size of the United States ). In fact, the Sahara covers some 30% of the entire African continent. It is the hottest place in the world with summer temperatures that often exceeds 57 degrees Celsius. It has an annual rainfall of 0 - 25 millimeters and is very windy with windstorms sweeping the sand up to heights of 1000 meters and moving the sand dunes constantly. The Sahara consists of one quarter volcanic mountains, one quarter sand, rocks and gravel-covered plains and small areas of vast permanent vegetation. The vegetation includes shrubs, grasses, and trees in the highland and in the oases along the river beds. Some of the plants are well adjusted to the climate since they sprout within three days of rain and sow their seeds within two weeks after that. Animals in the Sahara are mainly Gerbils, Cape Hare, Deer, Weasels, Baboons, Jackals, Sand Foxes, Mongooses, Desert Hedgehogs and over 300 bird species. The following towns and villages are located in the Sahara of Morocco: Tata: Located where the desert meets the mountains, this small desert town has the reputation for being the hottest town in Morocco. Tleta Tagmout: A desert oasis Foum Zguid: Located where the Jebel Bani range meets the desert, this charming desert town boasts one of the largest palm groves in Morocco. Zagora: Located in the magnificent Drâa Valley, this town is a popular starting for camel and 4x4 excursions into the desert. A sign proclaiming that it is 52 days to Timbuktu is one of the most photographed features of the town. Tinfou: This small town is located along the Draa Valley route where the stony ground gives way to the sand-dunes of the desert. Erg Chebbi: This settlement in the dunes of the Sahara offers basic tourist facilities for visitors exploring the enormous sand dunes. Ouarzazate: Catering for the tourist trade, Ouarzazate has a number of hotels and visitors enjoy the typical Moroccan market in the city center. The Kasbah is beautifully preserved and gives in interesting glimpse into the lives of the people who live there. Rissani: Also known as Tafilalt, a cluster of small villages around the town of Rissani, is located along the last stretch of the Ziz valley. The region has a long and fascinating history and was a kingdom separate from Morocco between the 8th and 14th centuries. Merzouga: Located at the start of the oasis zone, inhabitants tap the underground water sources for drinking and irrigation purposes, and the area around the town is well cultivated. Erfoud: This small oasis town is used by many travelers as a base for exploring the beautiful Ziz valley. Popular activities in the Sahara include sunrise and sunset camel rides over the dunes, sleeping out under the desert skies, ATV/4X4 trips, visiting traditional Berber villages, dune-boarding. Tags:sahara, desert, oasis, sand dunes, climate, mountains, zagora, erfoud 
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
As computational work becomes more and more integral to many aspects of scientific research, computational reproducibility has become an issue of increasing importance to computer systems researchers and domain scientists alike. Though computational reproducibility seems more straight forward than replicating physical experiments, the complex and rapidly changing nature of computer environments makes being able to reproduce and extend such work a serious challenge. In this paper, I explore common reasons that code developed for one research project cannot be successfully executed or extended by subsequent researchers. I review current approaches to these issues, including virtual machines and workflow systems, and their limitations. I then examine how the popular emerging technology Docker combines several areas from systems research - such as operating system virtualization, cross-platform portability, modular re-usable elements, versioning, and a 'DevOps' philosophy, to address these challenges. I illustrate this with several examples of Docker use with a focus on the R statistical environment.
Shades of Green (resort) Shades of Green (resort) Shades of Green (resort) Shades of Green is a United States Department of Defense-owned resort located in the city of Bay Lake, Florida, near Walt Disney World. It is an Armed Forces Recreation Center (AFRC) resort and therefore a part of the military's Morale, Welfare, and Recreation program (MWR).
Chinese People Home / Tips / Facts / People. Population. China, with over 1.370537 billion people (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) as of April, 2011, is without doubt the most populous country in the world. According to the census at the end of 2010, the ratio of the sexes is about 51.27% male and 48.73% female. Some 49.68% of the population resides in the urban cities and towns while the rest is in rural areas. China has almost 20% of the world's total population.
Top 30 Doctor insights on: How Long Can Xanax Be Detected In Urine How long can xanax be detected in urine - How long does it take for Xanax (alprazolam) to leave your urine? 2.5 days. With a normal liver it will be gone very quickly. With liver disease it can take upto 4 days.
- After Gaelic became a little less popular, Scots was the main language of Scotland. Scots was spoken and written for about 400 years in Scotland. When Great Britain came to be established in 1707, Scotland's government moved to London, and Scots lost its political status to English.
Dilution (equation) Dilution (equation) Dilution is a reduction in the pH of a chemical (gas, vapor, solution). It is the process of decreasing the concentration of a solute in solution, usually simply by mixing with more solvent. To dilute a solution means to add more solvent without the addition of more solute.
Hot air and steam (and cold air) all have different densities. When light passes through one density to another then it changes direction, like going through glass, water, or air. All of those are "clear" but you can notice the changes in image through them. The same happens to shadows. Glass makes a certain shadow, flowing water will have a shadow, and heat waves or steam will create shadows.
Bridge of Spies (film) Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama legal thriller film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg, written by Matt Charman, Ethan and Joel Coen and stars Tom Hanks, Mark Rylance, Amy Ryan, and Alan Alda. Set during the Cold War, the film tells the story of lawyer James B. Donovan, who is entrusted with negotiating the release of Francis Gary Powers—a U.S. Air Force pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960—in exchange for Rudolf Abel, a convicted Soviet KGB spy held under the custody of the United States, whom he represented at trial. The name of the film refers to the Glienicke Bridge, which connects Potsdam with Berlin, where the prisoner exchange took place. The film was an international co-production of the United States and Germany.
WARRENVILLE, AIKEN COUNTY, MIDLANDS, SOUTH CAROLINA LAND FOR SALE: 1 - 15 of 75 listings You can also find Warrenville, Aiken County, South Carolina real estate agents who specialize in land and rural retreats. Sign up for our Warrenville, Aiken County, South Carolina email alerts and never miss out on a new listing again!
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
Search engine click logs provide an invaluable source of relevance information, but this information is biased. A key source of bias is presentation order: the probability of click is influenced by a document's position in the results page. This paper focuses on explaining that bias, modelling how probability of click depends on position. We propose four simple hypotheses about how position bias might arise. We carry out a large data-gathering effort, where we perturb the ranking of a major search engine, to see how clicks are affected. We then explore which of the four hypotheses best explains the real-world position effects, and compare these to a simple logistic regression model. The data are not well explained by simple position models, where some users click indiscriminately on rank 1 or there is a simple decay of attention over ranks. A â cascade' model, where users view results from top to bottom and leave as soon as they see a worthwhile document, is our best explanation for position bias in early ranks
Which non Arabic speaking Muslim majority countries use Arabic at the UN?
Not really nerves, but [trigger hairs](_URL_0_). If you look at the stiff hairs in that picture, those are the trigger hairs. The traps only close if one hair is touched twice within about 30 seconds, or if multiple hairs are touched within 30 seconds (this process prohibits the trap from closing half-cocked with nothing to show for it). The hairs transfer mechanical energy into electrical energy that signals pores to open in cells on the outside of the trap, allowing water to rush from cells on the inside of the trap to cells on the outside of the trap, causing the traps to shut.
Connections between Cells and Cellular Activities The extracellular matrix of animal cells holds cells together to form a tissue and allow tissues to communicate with each other. Explain the role of the extracellular matrix in animal cells. The extracellular matrix of animal cells is made up of proteins and carbohydrates.
The 7 Best Big Sedans for the Least Dough By michael frank Oct 10, 2011Times are tough—and so are our roads. But fear not. The oversize sedan may seem like a historical footnote, but there are plenty of contemporary cruisers that can glide across pavement and won't cost you a fortune. We picked apart seven of these posh rides to discover which is the best sedan for your buck. View Gallery7 Photos1 of 7Toyota Avalon$33,195; 121.3 cubic feet; $273.66 per cubic foot If you've driven an Avalon, you know what it is—a Lexus minus the Lexus name. While the car is decidedly expensive, it drives expensive. And in this price class, the Avalon is pretty tough to touch, with its roominess, supremely quiet interior, and superb fit and finish. It's a big car with the smoothest engine of any on our list, save the Ford Taurus, and a ride that errs on the soft side, but never to the detriment of safety. You probably won't find yourself rallying it around curves like we did—you know, just to make sure that it could (check)—but if you have to hustle it past a surging flow of cars in the merge lane, the 268-hp V6 steams up nicely. Inside, where it counts, the Avalon is due for a refresh (probably coming for spring), but nothing is radically amiss. The seats are huge and supportive, and only the Chrysler 300 can best the Avalon's front shoulder room (it's nearly a tie, at 59.4 inches for the Toyota and 59.5 for the Chrysler). The Avalon has the best rear shoulder room of the lot and the best rear legroom, as well. The big Toyota gets 20 mpg in the city; of the other V6s, only the Hyundai Azera can match that mileage.2 of 7Buick La Crosse$29,960; 112.6 cubic feet; $266.07 per cubic foot The La Crosse is expensive for its interior size, which is the smallest of any car on this list. It is a poised car and the only hybrid in this mix (the hybrid is the base model for the 2012 Lacrosse), which gives it a best-in-class fuel economy of 25 city/36 highway, and at a better horsepower rating than the VW Passat (182 hp versus 170 hp). Volkswagen might counter that its diesel Passat gets better fuel economy than the hybrid La Crosse, but the diesel VW's price-to-cubic foot ratio climbs to $220.48—still slightly below the Buick's, but not by as much. (More on the Passat coming up.) Mileage aside, this Buick is far more stable than your grandpappy's car with the Landau roof. It's not exactly a Porsche 911, but that's not what you'd want from a long-mileage cruiser anyway. The problem with the La Crosse is that, while it's large enough to be compared with the big sedans, it simply can't match up. The Buick has the least amount of front headroom and the worst scores for rear hip, shoulder, and headroom. It also has the smallest trunk. Don't get us wrong—the Buick is a nice car that comes with an extra year and 50,000 miles to its warranty (everything else on this list is at 3 years/36,000 miles). But it's designed to spar with Toyota Camrys, Ford Fusions, and Honda Accords.3 of 7Chrysler 300$27,170; 122.3 cubic feet; $222.15 per cubic foot This Chrysler is huge. It's only a hair away from being the biggest car here. But frankly, it's much more expensive than it should be. The finish quality is decidedly lower than average for this class, with lots of sloppy details such as loose padding in the trunk, visible hardware and wiring harnesses—lots of stuff to remind you of the bad old days of Detroit and why you went the import route. The 300 is a solid driving machine that obliterates highway miles as easily as any car in the lot, but you don't get the comfort of the Avalon, the German attitude of the Passat, or the clean trim and modern design of the Taurus. Plus, the standard 300 brings a five-speed transmission to a battle of six-speeds. That wouldn't be a big deal if you opted for the V8 that Chrysler offers, which overcomes everything with horsepower. But we're comparing the base versions, and this five-speed seems to always overshift on windy roads and never downshift when you need it to. Manually overriding is an option, but it is plagued by delays. The
Round Table Conferences (India) to a strong Centre. The British agreed that representative government should be introduced on provincial level. Other important discussions were the responsibility of the executive to the legislature and a separate electorate for the Untouchables as demanded by Dr. B.R. Ambedkar. The Congress had boycotted the first conference was requested to come to a settlement by Sapru, M. R. Jayakar and V. S. Srinivasa Sastri. A settlement between Mahatma Gandhi and Viceroy Lord Irwin known as the Gandhi–Irwin Pact was reached and Gandhi was appointed as the sole representative of the Congress to the second Round Table Conference. Although MacDonald
- Side effects of Amlodipine are quite rare in veterinary medicine, but in some cases, the cat or dog may exhibit lethargy, loss of appetite, weight loss, swelling of the gums or a slight increase in their heart rate.It they get a laceration, it may also take longer for it to clot.mlodipine slows the rate at which calcium moves into the heart and blood vessel walls. This enables the blood vessels to relax, which ultimately results in better blood flow. The effects of Amlodipine also make it much easier for the heart to pump blood throughout the body, which lowers the pet’s blood pressure.
Get event information.
I often end up crying during my research. Due to the area I study I focus specifically on the 'lighter' topics within it, and even those can be very distressing. However, I think I'd be extremely worried if it didn't phase me. When you're seeing the personal experience of someone who you have a 'connection' with through their work it's very easy to understand their lives, whereas "40 million" is a number, a horrible number, but less distressing in a lot of ways.
Burj Khalifa From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Burj Dubai" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Bur Dubai, a district of Dubai. Burj Khalifaبرج خليفةThe Burj Khalifa in October 2012Former names Burj Dubai Record height Tallest in the world since 2008 [I]Preceded by Taipei 101General information Status Complete Type Mixed-use Architectural style Neo-futurism Location 1 Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Boulevard, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Coordinates 25°11′49.7″N55°16′26.8″ECoordinates: 25°11′49.7″N 55°16′26.8″EConstruction started 6 January 2004Completed Intended: September 2008; Revised: 2 December 2009 [1]Opened 4 January 2010 [2]Cost USD $ 1.5 billion [3]Height Architectural 828 m (2,717 ft) [4]Tip 829.8 m (2,722 ft) [4]Roof 828 m (2,717 ft)Top floor 584.5 m (1,918 ft) (Level 156) [4]Observatory 555.7 m (1,823 ft) (Level 148) [4]Technical details Material Glass, steel, aluminium, reinforced concrete Floor count 163 above ground. 154 usable floors [4] [5] plus 9 maintenance levels (46 spire levels) [6] and 2 below-ground parking levels Floor area 309,473 m 2 (3,331,100 sq ft) [4]Lifts/elevators 57 (55 single deck and 2 double deck), made by Otis Elevator Company Design and construction Architect Adrian Smith at SOMDeveloper Emaar Properties [4]Structural engineer Bill Baker at SOM [7]Main contractor Samsung C&T Corporation, Besix and Arabtec Supervision Consultant Engineer & Architect of Record Hyder Consulting Construction Project Manager Turner Construction Grocon [8]Planning Bauer AG and Middle East Foundations [8]Lift contractor Otis [8]VT consultant Lerch Bates [8]Websitewww .burjkhalifa .ae The Burj Khalifa ( Arabic: برج خليفة , Arabic for "Khalifa Tower"; pronounced English: / ˈ b ɜːr dʒ k ə ˈ l iː f ə / ), known as the Burj Dubai before its inauguration, is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. With a total height of 829.8 m (2,722 ft) and a roof height (excluding antenna) of 828 m (2,717 ft), the Burj Khalifa has been the tallest structure in the world since its topping out in late 2008. [4] [9] It is also called "Burj Dubai" for being the tallest building in the United Arab Emirates. It was later named "Burj Khalifa" on the 3rd anniversary in 2011. Construction of the Burj Khalifa began in 2004, with the exterior completed five years later in 2009. The primary structure is reinforced concrete. The building was opened in 2010 as part of a new development called Downtown Dubai. It is designed to be the centrepiece of large-scale, mixed-use development. The decision to construct the building is reportedly based on the government's decision to diversify from an oil-based economy, and for Dubai to gain international recognition. The building was originally named Burj Dubai but was renamed in honour of the ruler of Abu Dhabi and president of the United Arab Emirates, Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan; [3] Abu Dhabi and the UAE government lent Dubai money to pay its debts. The building broke numerous height records, including its designation as the tallest building in the world. Burj Khalifa was designed by Adrian Smith, then of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM), whose firm designed the Willis Tower and One World Trade Center. Hyder Consulting was chosen to be the supervising engineer with NORR Group Consultants International Limited chosen to supervise the architecture of the project. The design is derived from the Islamic architecture of the region, such as in the Great Mosque of Samarra. The Y-shaped tripartite floor geometry is designed to optimize residential and hotel space. A buttressed central core and wings are used to support the height of the building. Although this design was derived from Tower Palace III, the Burj Khalifa’s central core houses all vertical transportation with the exception of egress stairs within each of the wings. [10] The structure also features a cladding system which is designed to withstand Dubai's hot summer temperatures. It contains a total of 57 elevators and 8 escalators. Critical reception to Burj Khalifa has been generally positive, and the building h
- If a child is over the income guidelines for Medicaid but within the MIChild income guidelines, and if there is no other comprehensive/employer based health insurance, and the child has been without comprehensive/employer based health insurance for 6 months, the child is then considered for MIChild eligibility.
Top 8 List Fiverr Alternatives for 2012 - 2017 Top 8 Fiverr Aternatives with great traffic for 2017Fiverr originally started out as a new and very unique concept. There were only the big freelancing websites like Elance and Freelancer etc back then. So Fiverr brought a very refreshing change. Whether you are a proper freelancer or just a regular office-going guy, Fiverr gives you a chance to earn some quick bucks so you can cover up your extravagances. Fiverr is also a great place to get your freelancing career started. But the trouble is, Fiverr only allows you to earn $5 minus their commission per gig. For some people, this might not be enough. Luckily for them, many alternative websites to fiverr have emerged over the years. Fiverr was such a success that many others adopted the idea and came up with their own version of Fiverr. Most of these aren't very good, but some might just be better than Fiverr! So here, we will discuss about the top 10 alternatives to fiverr you must try. Why not Fiverr? There're a few legit reasons why you would not want to stay with Fiverr. It might seem very attractive, but it does has short-comings. Firstly, it doesn't pay you very well. Now I know people make hundreds of dollars off it every month, but considering the effort, is it really worth it? %5 is sort of a bottleneck which you might want to eventually break out of. Secondly, you don't even earn a full $5. Fiverr commission is 20%, which is huge by any standards! So essentially, you only get $4, and the remaining one dollar goes to Fiverr. Imagine you complete 200 gigs in a month. You will only get $800, where you could be getting a full grand. That's just $200 down the drain!Fiverr is no longer what it once was. It started off as a fun place where people could make use of their creativity. But over the years, it has become quite competitive. Much more complicated jobs are being done now for a much smaller price. Let me give you an example. I spotted two different gigs on fiverr. One promised to "Suggest a professional name and motto for a website," while another said, "I will create an attractive dynamic website using HTML, CSS, PHP, and Java Script for $5. "Do you see the injustice? The guy who suggests professional names probably is a natural at this. He might hardly take 10 minutes to come up with a good name and slogan. But the web-designer has to work for hours, just for a petty $4. Both these guys will earn the same. The point is, Fiverr might just not be worth it if it takes more than 30 minutes t complete a gig. In that case, you need to look on to alternatives, some of which we have right here for you. Top 8 Fiverr Alternatives1. Fiver Up This is one of my favorite websites. Website similar to Fiverr. The interface works very similar. And the services are the same with many more options like: Buy and sell gigs from $4 to $100Shipping Instant Delivery Video Gigs Push your gig to front page once per day FREE. Free account verification for more sales. Express D elivery Gig Extras No withdrawal limit They tweet to 100K followers They post your gigs on bog.fiverup.com Makes this site one of the best Fiverr Aternatives in the world. Costumer service response in less than 12 hours. Try these guys out and you will not be disappointed. Fiver Up.com2. Gig Bucks Gig Bucks is is a very popular alternative to Fiverr. It hosts gigs for all the categories found on fiverr. It gives freelancers the opportunity to charge an appropriate amount of money for their services. A gig can be anywhere in the range of $5 to $50, definitely a big step up from the $4 on fiverr. Just like Fiverr, joining is absolutely free. And you can post as many gigs as you like. A must try for existing fiverr users or other people.3. Zeerk Zeerk is another big fish up for grabs. Working at Zeerk can be much more worth your while. You can charge as much as $100 per gig! Now, services can charged appropriately and no one needs feel left out! For small jobs such as $2 or $5 jobs, there is no commission! And I thought Fiverr was cool!4. SEOClerks Seo Clerks contains gi
Lemonade Mouth (movie) The main cast members are Bridget Mendler, Adam Hicks, Hayley Kiyoko, Naomi Scott, and Blake Michael. Those are just the 5 in the band Lemonade Mouth.
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
Among Seattle's prominent annual fairs and festivals are the 24-day Seattle International Film Festival, Northwest Folklife over the Memorial Day weekend, numerous Seafair events throughout July and August (ranging from a Bon Odori celebration to the Seafair Cup hydroplane races), the Bite of Seattle, one of the largest Gay Pride festivals in the United States, and the art and music festival Bumbershoot, which programs music as well as other art and entertainment over the Labor Day weekend. All are typically attended by 100,000 people annually, as are the Seattle Hempfest and two separate Independence Day celebrations.
- Go Purple with a Purpose for Alzheimer's Disease Awareness and Caregivers Month. President Ronald Reagan designated November as National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month in 1983. At the time, fewer than 2 million Americans had Alzheimer’s; today, the number of people with the disease has soared to nearly 5.4 million. Get involved this month, and help raise awareness for Alzheimer’s disease. Mayors in cities around the state are declaring November Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness and Caregivers Month. Click on the links below to view proclamations from around Colorado.
- A: C-Sections & Tummy Tucks – One should not have a tummy tuck at the same time as a C-section, but can wait usually 3-6 months or preferentially more than 6 months after to allow for optimal wound healing.
Streamwood, IL Streamwood, ILNearby Directions Streamwood is a village of Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 39,497 at the 2006 census. It is a suburb of Chicago. Streamwood, along with Bartlett and Hanover Park, is one of the three communities that make up the so called "Tri Village" area. Streamwood was first incorporated as a village on February 9, 1957. A major retail sector has developed in recent years at the intersection of Illinois Route 59 and Illinois Route 19 called Sutton Park. In addition to the Sutton Park Shopping Center, stores and businesses in the area include: 
Poker winning hands
Ojos del Salado The elevation of Ojos del Salado has been the subject of debate. The mountain is hidden behind other peaks and thus its height was not appreciated in early research until 1937, when the mountain was climbed by Polish climbers. A 2006 article in Andes Magazine offered that Ojos del Salado may be higher than Aconcagua, although the argument was premised on older, less accurate altitude surveys. The results of these older surveys assigned Ojos del Salado an elevation of , which would have made it nearly higher than Aconcagua. As early as 1955, an estimate was made that the elevation
There are [a couple of antibiotics that do reduce the effectiveness of the contraceptive pill](_URL_0_). The two antibiotics that do so are known as enzyme inducing, meaning they speed up the body's processing of the hormones in the contraceptive pill. However these two antibiotics are not too common. Antibiotics in general affecting contraception is a myth, possibly linked to sexist ideas that women on antibiotics shouldn't have sex (wise advice if it's for treatment of am STI, otherwise not).
It may not be the only reason, but physical activity is generally cheaper for smaller animals than for larger ones - loosely, the energy required to move your body depends on its mass, which scales with the cube of size, whereas the muscle cross-section doing the moving scales with the square. This is the same reason why e.g. fleas can jump distances that would be utterly ludicrous if scaled up to human dimensions. [edited for clarity]
Why choose Dash? What is Dash? Dash (DASH) is a privacy-centric digital currency with instant transactions. It is based on the Bitcoin software, but it has a two tier network that improves it. Dash allows you to remain anonymous while you make transactions, similar to cash.
onal europe politics government local government house believes northern ireland There is no evidence that the Catholic population today suffers a bias in the current political system, except for that which they make for themselves. As of 2010 the Catholic representation in the House of Commons is 5 Sinn Fein and 3 SDLP against 8 Democratic Unionists,* it is only the fact that the Sinn Fein members do not take up their seats that make things uneven. In the NI Assembly things are slightly more skewed. As of 2011 there are 55 Unionists and 43 Republicans.**

Attacks against Catholics are not based on religious lines. Unionist attacks are only focused on those Catholics that are Republicans. In general Catholics are perfectly safe in Northern Ireland.

Additionally in united Ireland, the Protestants would become the marginalized minority. Abortion is illegal in the Republic of Ireland***, for example, which will inhibit the freedom of non- Catholics. Such laws are likely to stay because of the overwhelming Catholic majority.

*Parliament.uk, 2011, http://www.parliament.uk/mps-lords-and-offices/mps/state-of-the-parties/

**Northern Ireland Assembly, 2011, http://www.niassembly.gov.uk/members/breakdown.htm

***Wikipedia, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abortion_in_the_Republic_of_Ireland

What is the most user-friendly and efficient project management software out there?
Erectile Dysfunction (ED, Impotence) Erectile dysfunction (ED), also known as impotence, is the inability to achieve or sustain a hard enough erection for satisfactory completion of sexual activity.
Lantzville Lantzville District municipality District of Lantzville [1]Location of Lantzville within the Regional District of Nanaimo on Vancouver Island Coordinates: 49°15′N 124°4′WCoordinates: 49°15′N 124°4′WCountry Canada Province British Columbia Regional District Nanaimo Incorporated 2003Government• Mayor Colin Haime• Governing body District of Lantzville Council• MP Sheila Malcolmson• MLA Michelle Stilwell Area• Total 27.08 km 2 (10.46 sq mi)Elevation 20 m (70 ft)Population (2016)• Total 3,605• Density 130.2/km 2 (337/sq mi)Time zone PST ( UTC-8)Postal code span V0R 2H0Area code (s) +1-250Website District of Lantzville Lantzville is a coastal community on the east side of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada along the western shore of the Strait of Georgia and immediately north of the City of Nanaimo. The District of Lantzville was incorporated on June 25, 2003. It covers an area of 27.87 square kilometres and has a population of 3,807. The district is almost completely residential, with some commercial buildings on Lantzville Road (formerly part of the Island Highway). History [ edit]Lantzville was originally a mining town and is named after its American founder, Fraser Harry Lantz. To remember its history Lantzville annually celebrates Minetown Day (A community fair). According to Lantzville: The First Hundred Years, the first European settler in the area was an English Coal Miner named Emanuel Wiles, also known as Robert Emanuel or Bob. Lantzville is a tourist destination with a number of well located bed and breakfast operations. Notable residents [ edit]John Wilson Dylan Ferguson References [ edit]^ "British Columbia Regional Districts, Municipalities, Corporate Name, Date of Incorporation and Postal Address" ( XLS ). British Columbia Ministry of Communities, Sport and Cultural Development. Archived from the original on July 13, 2014. Retrieved November 2, 2014. [ hide]v t e Communities on Vancouver Island Ahousat Bamberton Bamfield Black Creek Bowser Brentwood Bay Buckley Bay Campbell River Cassidy Cedar Central Saanich Chemainus Clo-oose Coal Harbour Cobble Hill Colwood Comox Coombs Courtenay Cowichan Bay Cowichan Station Crofton Cumberland Deep Bay Duncan Errington Esquimalt Fanny Bay French Creek Genoa Bay Gold River Harewood Highlands Holberg Honeymoon Bay Kildonan Koksilah Ladysmith Lake Cowichan Langford Lantzville Malahat Maple Bay Merville Mesachie Lake Metchosin Mill Bay Nanaimo Nanoose Bay Nitinat North Cowichan North Saanich Oak Bay Oceanside Oyster River Parksville Port Alberni Port Alice Port Hardy Port Mc Neill Port Renfrew Qualicum Beach Quatsino River Jordan Royston Saanich Saanichton Saltair Sayward Sechart Shawnigan Lake Sidney Sooke Tahsis Telegraph Cove Tofino Ucluelet Union Bay Greater Victoria Victoria View Royal Westholme Winter Harbour Woss Youbou Yuquot (Friendly Cove) Zeballos 
Jacob Stockdale Jacob Stockdale (born 3 April 1996) is an Irish professional rugby union player who currently plays for Ulster and for Ireland.
How Long to Keep Your Baby in a Rear-Facing Car Seat There are lots of options if you need a new car seat for a 1-year-old! Remember, car seat safety advocates recommend that babies stay in a rear-facing car seat to the weight limit of the seat or at least until age 2, so you'll want to find a car seat that can work both rear-facing and forward-facing.
In contrast with other Romance languages, Catalan has many monosyllabic words; and those ending in a wide variety of consonants and some consonant clusters. Also, Catalan has final obstruent devoicing, thus featuring many couplets like amic "(male friend") vs. amiga ("female friend").
Life of the Party (2018 film) Life of the Party is an upcoming comedy film directed by Ben Falcone and written by Falcone and Melissa McCarthy. The film stars McCarthy, Molly Gordon, Maya Rudolph, Julie Bowen, Gillian Jacobs, Debby Ryan, Matt Walsh and Jacki Weaver. Produced by On the Day, the film is scheduled to be released May 11, 2018 by Warner Bros. Pictures.
Argentina had a lot of German immigrants and Peron was sort of fascist himself so he was somewhat sympathetic. He also though Argentina could benefit from taking in skilled Nazi members who didn't have the option to go anywhere else or be tried for their crimes.
C & S Software Solutions Sdn Bhd One of the tasks of civil engineer is the project management. Wherever a project commence, it is starting of ‘live’ of project problem until it has been completed build. Below are some of common problems that civil engineer may faced: 1. Project commenced without acknowledgement of civil engineer.
- nodular opacity. 1. a solitary, round, circumscribed shadow found in the lung on chest radiograph; causes include granuloma, primary or metastatic carcinoma, benign tumor, vascular malformation. Stedman’s Medical Dictionary © Wolters Kluwer Health.
Cells adhere to things because they have surface molecules called [selectins](_URL_2_) and [integrins](_URL_0_) (and a lot of other proteins that aren't in those classes) that bind to ECM structures. They don't "like" parts of the ECM, they just have proteins that bind to parts of it. See: [CAMs](_URL_1_).  Just to provide an example. Melanocytes always have these proteinss expressed, and so they adhere. When you grow melanoma tumor lines they adhere to the flasks that we use as well. T cells are non adherent normally, but when activated and going to the site of an infection they express selectins which allow them to roll along blood vessels slowly. In flasks T cells float (We call them suspension cells as opposed to adherent cells).
The annual United States Open Tennis Championships is one of the world's four Grand Slam tennis tournaments and is held at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. The New York Marathon is one of the world's largest, and the 2004–2006 events hold the top three places in the marathons with the largest number of finishers, including 37,866 finishers in 2006. The Millrose Games is an annual track and field meet whose featured event is the Wanamaker Mile. Boxing is also a prominent part of the city's sporting scene, with events like the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves being held at Madison Square Garden each year. The city is also considered the host of the Belmont Stakes, the last, longest and oldest of horse racing's Triple Crown races, held just over the city's border at Belmont Park on the first or second Sunday of June. The city also hosted the 1932 U.S. Open golf tournament and the 1930 and 1939 PGA Championships, and has been host city for both events several times, most notably for nearby Winged Foot Golf Club.
- The stage common to both aerobic and anaerobic respiration is Glycolysis i.e also called Embden Mayhoff Parnas pathway(EMP pathway).Read more: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/What_stage_is_common_to_both_aerobic_and_anaerobic_respiration#ixzz1fOohbLrh.naerobic respiration takes place in the absence of oxygen. This  form of respiration is carried out in bacteria, yeasts, some  prokaryotes, and muscle cells. Aerobic respir … ation take place in  the presence of oxygen and occurs in all plants, animals, and some  prokaryotic organisms.
Are DRM location sensitive?
I left chicken out on the counter all afternoon. Is it safe to eat if it smells OK? I left chicken out on the counter all afternoon. Whether raw or cooked, food can be chock-full of dangerous bacteria long before you can smell it. Perishable food (like chicken and other meats) should be tossed if left out at room temperature more than two hours (much less if in a warm room). For straightforward guidelines on food safety and handling, consult the USDA Web site. Next time you serve a buffet (or eat one elsewhere), bear this in mind.
How Can You Know If Your Kidneys Are Failing Diabetes and Hypertension are the leading two causes of kidney failure. If you are unfortunately a patient of hypertension or diabetes, you are at a higher risk to suffer from kidney failure and then you need to do complete physical checkup regularly. This will help you know well about your kidney.hronic kidney failure is a long course with progressive loss of kidney function. Dialysis or kidney transplant will be needed when it runs to end stage. Therefore, having a timely diagnosis and about kidney disease and then preventing it from developing to end stage kidney failure is very necessary and beneficial. 1  Tag:
Et tu, Brute? Et tu, Brute? Et tu, Brute? () is a Latin phrase meaning ""even you, Brutus?"" It is notable for its occurrence in William Shakespeare's play "Julius Caesar", where it is spoken by the Roman dictator Julius Caesar to his friend Marcus Junius Brutus at the moment of Caesar's assassination. The first known occurrences of the phrase are said to be in two earlier Elizabethan plays; Henry VI, Part 3 by Shakespeare, and an even earlier play, "Caesar Interfectus", by Richard Eedes. The phrase is often used apart from the plays to signify an unexpected betrayal by a friend. Caesar utters
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
The Stirred Tank Reactor Polymer Electrolyte Membrane Fuel Cell
The comments here about the fragility of oxygen-oxygen bonds are correct. There's another thing to think about, too: H2O is, of course, a very small molecule. Adding another whole oxygen atom to it is really a very large change (consider, right off the top, that you've increased its molecular weight by nearly 90%). There's no way to add or subtract an atom to any molecule that size without profoundly changing its properties.
âDays Of Our Livesâ Gay Characters Will And Sonny Will Have Sex Days of our Lives actor Freddie Smith, who plays Sonny, says the delay was intentional and that cast and crew intended to build the relationship between the two characters before the much-anticipated scene.
How to Prime an Electric Fuel Pump How to Prime an Electric Fuel Pump What You'll Need Manufacturer's directions Gloves An electric fuel pump is an essential component which can be found in your car. The fuel pump is used to make sure the natural gas or propane travels through to the engine. The fuel must travel through a hose, also called the fuel line, and it is the job of the fuel pump to make sure the gas reaches the proper location. The fuel pump is used in any car where gravity cannot be used to pump the fuel into the system. There are two types of engines. The first is known as a carborated engine and the other is known as a fuel injected engine. The fuel injected engine in most cases will use an electric fuel pump. Below are instructions on how to prime the electric fuel pump. Step 1 - Find the Fuel Pump Make sure the car is off and make sure it has been sitting for at least a couple hours. You will be working around the fuel injection components of your car and you can easily get burnt if the car is still warm. Put on protective gloves before you work inside and around the car. Pop the top of your hood and look for the fuel tank. If you are not sure where the fuel tank is, then pull out your manufacturer's directions. Once you have located the fuel tank, locate the electric fuel pump. The pump is usually located inside the tank. Step 2 - Flip the Switch There should be a prime switch located on the fuel pump line. Flick the switch to prime the fuel pump. You can prime the fuel pump a couple of times but do not leave it in the "on" position. Step 3 - Close the Hood and Clean Up Close the hood of the car and clean up your work area. Clean your hands completely with a cleaning agent that will remove any remnants of the fuel on your hands. Step 4 - Test the Car Test out the car. Re-prime the electric fuel pump if necessary. A Few Notes: This is generally something you will want to do when you want to bleed your line. For normal automobile operation, you will not need to prime your electric fuel pump. A prime switch is also used for safety reasons. You can use the prime switch when your engine may seem to start to die or when the filters in the car become clogged. Some models of electric fuel pumps do not need to be primed by hand as they have a self priming feature built in. Be sure to check the information located in the manufacturer's book of information to find out what type of priming system your car has. If you are unsure, consult the help of a certified automotive mechanic to prime your electric fuel pump. Comments 
No doubt someone better versed in spacetime than I can give you a fuller answer, but in short, no. Time is not a hidden spatial dimension.
Daniel Cerone Daniel Cerone is a television writer and executive producer. His credits include "Dexter", where he served as co-showrunner, along with "The Blacklist", "The Mentalist", "Dirty Sexy Money" and "Charmed". He was the co-creator of "Constantine", the short-lived adaptation of the DC comics Vertigo series Hellblazer, which developed a cult following. He also created and executive produced "Clubhouse", the critically acclaimed CBS baseball drama, as well as the ABC police procedural "Motive".
How should we book cheap air tickets?
According to experts, no. It's a bit of an urban myth. However, staring at them for long periods of time can cause discomfort, albeit not permanently.
You actually *do* feel it. Because of your angular momentum, there is a slight centrifugal force acting in you, pulling you away from the center of mass of the planet. This effect, however, is small and is matched by the centrifugal forces experienced by everything around you — which all have the same or nearly the same angular momentum. You're not *aware* of this force vector because there is never an appreciable and swift change in the acceleration it provides — there is no *jerk* of it. Since gravity provides acceleration towards the centre of mass of the planet, our brains are used to constant acceleration and think of that as "steady" and "normal". We perceive not the acceleration itself but the *change* of acceleration — termed the *jerk*. So, in short, you're not aware of it because they're not jerks about it.
- With proper training, biofeedback can be used by professionals in many fields. Biofeedback is NOT used as a treatment alone, nor can it be used alone to make a diagnosis. Rather it is an adjunctive tool to be combined with other standard interventions carried out by knowledgeable clinicians, educators, or coaches.
- The baby boomers are the generation that was born following World War II, generally from 1946 to 1964, a time that was marked by an increase in birth rates. The term baby boomer is sometimes used in a cultural context. Therefore, it is impossible to achieve broad consensus on a defined start and end date.
Ghana–Nigeria relations Nigeria continued to consult on economic, political, and security issues affecting the two countries and West Africa as a whole. Between early August 1994 when Rawlings became ECOWAS chairman and the end of the following October, the Ghanaian president visited Nigeria three times to discuss the peace process in Liberia and measures to restore democracy in that country. Ghana–Nigeria relations Ghana–Nigeria relations are the bilateral diplomatic relations between the Republic of Ghana and the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The Pre-colonial relations between the peoples who occupy what is Ghana and Nigeria today are mainly orally told stories which are hard
When does your passport expire? “Nearly ten years later, those passports are beginning to expire, and the Department has been experiencing increased demand for passport renewals. The Department issued 14 million passports in 2014 and the increased demand is expected to continue through 2018.”.
For All We Know (1934 song) Clooney version is heard over the closing credits of Dan Ireland's 2005 British film, "Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont". The Donny Hathaway version from the LP Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway (Atlantic, 1972) has become one of the standout versions of the song. For All We Know (1934 song) "For All We Know" is a popular song published in 1934. The music was written by J. Fred Coots and the lyric by Sam M. Lewis. The lyrics start: For all we know We may never meet again. The first charting versions in 1934 were by Hal Kemp (#3 on the
Biography Edit Amitabh Bachchan Biography Showing all 196 items Jump to: Overview (4) | Mini Bio (3) | Spouse (1) | Trade Mark (1) | Trivia (177) | Personal Quotes (9) |Salary (1)Overview (4)Born October 11, 1942 in Allahabad, United Provinces, British India [now Uttar Pradesh, India]Birth Name Amitabh Harivansh Srivastav Nicknames Big B Munna Angry Young Man Bollywood's Shahenshah Amith AB Sr. One Man Industry Superstar of the Millenium The Last Emperor Mahanayak Amit ji Height 6' 1" (1.86 m)Mini Bio (3)Son of well known poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan and Teji Bachchan. He has a brother named Ajitabh. He completed his education from Uttar Pradesh and moved to Bombay to find work as a film star, in vain though, as film-makers preferred someone with a fairer skin, and he was not quite fair enough. But they did use one of his other assets, his deep baritone voice, which was used for narration and background commentary. He was successful in being cast in Saat Hindustani. He got his break in Bollywood after a letter of introduction from the then Prime Minister Mrs. Indira Gandhi, as he was a friend of her son, Rajiv Gandhi. This is how Amitabh made an entry in Bollywood, starting with Zanjeer, co-starred with his future wife Jaya Bhaduri, and since then there has been no looking back. He married Jaya Bhaduri, an accomplished actress in her own right, and they had two children, Shweta and Abhishek. Shweta is married, lives a non-filmy life and has two children. Being friends with Rajiv Gandhi, got him to decide to run for seat in the Congress from his hometown but had to leave midterm because of controversies, particularly after Rajiv and he were implicated in the now infamous "Bofors" case along with the U. K. based Hinduja Brothers. After a four year break, he was back in the unsuccessful Mrityudaata (1997), a comeback which the actor wanted to forget. Critics written him off but his career was saved with Bade Miyan Chote Miyan (1998). But four flops in 1999 and incurring debt of over 90 Crores rupees of his sinking company ABCL saw him at an all-time low. To make matters worse, after the defeat of the Congress party, Amitabh lost considerable political support, the opposition made him a target, and his credit rating deteriorated to such an extent that a leading nationalized bank, Canara Bank, sued him for outstanding loans. He did bounce back, presenting the Indian version of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire called Kaun Banega Crorepati? (2000). After a series of hits with Mohabbatein (2000), Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... (2001) and Baghban (2003) and Khakee (2004), this elderly Bachchan is showing no signs of slowing down and proving the critics wrong once again. His son, Abhishek, is also an actor by his own rights. Amitabh and Jaya were interested in getting Abhishek married to Karishma, the daughter of Babita and Randhir Kapoor, they went through a formal engagement, but later broke it off. The former Miss World and Bollywood actress, Aishwarya Rai, and Abhishek, were formally engaged on Sunday January 14, 2007, at the Bachchan residence in Juhu, Bombay, with the marriage taking place at the Bachchan residence on April 20, 2007. On November 16, 2011, he became a Dada (Paternal Grandfather) when Aishwarya gave birth to a daughter in Mumbai Hospital. He is already a Nana (maternal grandfather) to Navya Naveli and Agastye - Shweta's children. He continues to be one of the busiest actors and singers in Bollywood as well as on TV, as can be seen from the commercials that he appears on, especially on Sahara One. Looks like there are no limits for this super-star and once the "Angry Young Man" of Bollywood.- IMDb Mini Biography By: r Aj Oo The trademark deep baritone voice, the tall, brooding persona, and intense eyes, made Amitabh Bachchan the ideal "Angry Young Man" in the 1975-84. The son of the late poet Harivansh Rai Bachchan and Teji Bachchan, he was born in Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh. After completing his education from Sherwood College, Nainital, and Kirori Mal College, Delhi University, he moved to Calcutta to work for shipp
Convert URL to normal windows filename Java 6
- Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT). Guide. An alanine aminotransferase (ALT) test measures the amount of this enzyme in the blood. ALT is found mainly in the liver, but also in smaller amounts in the kidneys, heart, muscles, and pancreas. ALT was formerly called serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase (SGPT).
1 in 9 are left hand dominant. The cause of the ratio and the majority of right handers is unknown.
The 1998 Strategic Defence Review and the 2003 Delivering Security in a Changing World White Paper outlined the following posture for the British Armed Forces:
A Large-Scale Characterization of How Readers Browse Wikipedia
. Jamaican Culture Jamaican culture describes the Jamaican religion, Jamaican lifestyle and Jamaican society on a whole. Jamaican culture is what defines a people. This portal links to all websites that deal with Jamaican culture. Christmas Past Mento Music Classical Musicians Mystic Online Garvey Liberty Hall Rootz Reggae Gathering of the Healers House of Bobo Speak Jamaican Shakti Yoga Sun RASon Jamaica Treasures Jamaican Jokes Jamaicans Culture Jamaican Culture And Jamaican Traditions Jamaican culture can be aptly described as the Jamaican human activity within different aspects of everyday life that relate to Jamaican traditions. Jamaican culture can be divided into several sectors or sects, usually called Jamaican aspects of culture. Origin: Jamaican culture is defined as the origin of its entire population. The Jamaican culture is mixed as most of the society is ethnically diverse. There are several nations and peoples, the majority are African, then Indian and Chinese, then the minority being European. There is a North American contingent but they did not contribute to the origin and main stream Jamaican society. Traditions: Jamaican traditions assist in defining the culture of the society. Jamaican traditions are ritualistic acts that are carried out over a specific period of time or at a specific event. This is very prevalent in Jamaican society and is fundamental in defining Jamaican culture. The most popular Jamaican traditions are for most national holidays, such as Christmas cake, Sorrel, pudding at Christmas time, Fried fish, lent at Easter time and other national holidays. Rituals such as the famed Nine Night after the death of a loved one are a popular Jamaican tradition that characterizes the Jamaican culture. Cuisine: Jamaican cuisine and cooking is an important aspect of cultural embodiment. The foods and the recipes make a culture richer. The Jamaican culture has been enriched by superb Jamaican foods such as Jerk Chicken Recipes, Jerk Pork and the infamous Red Stripe Beer. It is foods such as these that help to define Jamaican culture. Religion: Another key indicator and unifying aspect Jamaican culture. Jamaican has developed a unique type of religion. The primary type called Pocomania which was a blend between European Christianity and African religious practices, the secondary is Rastafarianism. This religion is practically by a small amount of people in the country, hence is not really a unifying aspect but gives Jamaican culture through religion its uniqueness and hence requires mention. Music: Reggae and its derivatives such as dance hall, rock steady are key for the development of Jamaican culture. This music has its origins in Jamaica and cannot be claimed by any other nation. The captivating type of music has led to a growing following. The music has an upbeat aspect to it’s with constant rhythmic beats. Art and Clothing: Jamaican Art and Clothing are both very important in defining Jamaican culture. Jamaican art has steeped in the depicting Jamaican everyday life. This has manifested it self in sculptures, paintings, collage and craft works. This is a direct shift from the more abstract type of European art and even the African more morbid types of art that focus a lot on history. Jamaican art culture at most does not focus on history. Jamaican clothing does reflect culture. Though Jamaican clothing and fashion is not as popular as European and African clothing it is defined by the use of primary colors and the popular use of cotton because of the tropical climate. Folk Lure: This is yet to be aptly recognized as a part of culture. Folk lure can often be cited as a part of Jamaican tradition however folk lure is stories and ballads passed down through the generations. However this is not really the case but folk lure and happenings are carried through in dance and drama which fall under ‘other arts’ another corner stone of culture. Other Arts – Jamaican dance, drama and speech in culture. Primarily Jamaican culture is depicted in dance by folk music, dancing kumina, the quadrille and other 
One controversial idea in my field: whether prions (infectious proteins) are taken up by plants, where they may be harbored and concentrated before later being consumed by the mammalian host, transmitting the agent. The plants aren't specifically *affected* though they could still be considered *infected* with the prion.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
What is a monotreme?
Vicky Donor Vicky Donor is a 2012 Indian romantic comedy directed by Shoojit Sircar and produced by actor John Abraham. It stars Ayushmann Khurrana, Yami Gautam and Annu Kapoor in the lead roles. It released on 20 April 2012 in around 750 screens across India and received positive response worldwide. "Vicky Donor" opened to critical acclaim and performed strongly at the box office. The storyline is based on sperm donation and infertility. The film won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment at the 60th National Film Awards. The film is remade in Telugu as "Naruda Donoruda" starring Sumanth and Pallavi Subhash.
Terminator  (franchise) There are  four movies on the Terminator series. They are The Terminator, Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines and Terminator Salvation. First movie The Terminator is released on 1984. Movie is directed by James Cameron and starred by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Log into Squarespace Log into Squarespace Log In Create an Account Recover Account 
. In the United States and the rest of the northern hemisphere, the first day of the spring season is the day of the year when the Sun crosses the celestial equator moving northward (on March 20 th or 21 st ). This day is known as the Vernal Equinox . A common misconception is that the earth is further from the sun in winter than in summer. Actually, the Earth is closest to the sun in December which is winter in the Northern hemisphere. As the Earth travels around the Sun in its orbit, the north-south position of the Sun changes over the course of the year because of the changing orientation of the Earth's tilted rotation axes. The dates of maximum tilt of the Earth's equator correspond to the Summer Solstice and Winter Solstice, and the dates of zero tilt to the Vernal Equinox and Autumnal Equinox . The reason for these changes has to do with the Earth's yearly trip around the sun. For part of the year the Earth's North Pole points away from the sun and part of the time toward it. This is what causes our seasons. When the North Pole points toward the sun, the sun's rays hit the northern half of the world more directly. That means it is warmer and we have summer. The declination of the Sun on the vernal equinox is 0° 00'. On the day of the vernal equinox, day and night are nearly the same amounts of time. In the United States, there are about 12 hours of daylight on this day. Tornado Season March is the traditional start of tornado season in the United States. Although tornadoes can occur at any time throughout the year, the peak activity period is March through early July, according to the National Weather Service (NWS). An average of 1,200 tornadoes touch down in the United States each year, and most of them form during this tornado season. Because these storms kill about 70 Americans annually and injure some 1,500 others, disaster experts urge families to be prepared — particularly those who live in Tornado Alley. Tornado Alley is roughly defined as the area of the Central Plains from Texas to Nebraska. This is where most tornadoes form each season. Much of the damage that tornadoes inflict each year occurs in this region of the country. Texas has the highest number of tornadoes, with an average of 124 each year. Tornado map courtesy U. S. Geological Survey Links Ready - Ready.gov is a national public service advertising (PSA) campaign designed to educate and empower Americans to prepare for and respond to emergencies including natural and man-made disasters. The goal of the campaign is to get the public involved and ultimately to increase the level of basic preparedness across the nation. The Seasons and the Earth's Orbit - Through the Naval Oceanography Portal, the United States Naval Observatory provides astronomical information on the Earth's orbit around the Sun and how it relates to the changing seasons. Tornado Safety (American Red Cross)Sponsored Links 
The current is the same everywhere in a series circuit. The purpose of the resistor in that circuit is to limit the current which flows through the LED. For this purpose, it doesn't matter if the resistor comes before or after the LED, since the current drawn from the battery depends on the equivalent impedance of the entire branch. This is independent of whether the resistor comes before or after the LED.
Here are 13 Jobs that Can Lead to a Business Analyst Job 1 Marketing Analyst – Responsible for analyzing the effectiveness of marketing campaigns or generating data that can be used as part of the sales and marketing process.  Sales Analyst – Responsible for analyzing sales-related systems, sales reports, or sales processes.
How should I get over someone I never met?
Fly Line Backing - Troutster Premium Fly Fishing Line Backing | 20-30 Pound Test | 50 or 100 Yards Length Fly Backing - Color: Yellow or White - Fly Reel Backer Fits All Types of Fly Fishing Reels; Fly Rod Backing for Trout, Bass, Pike, Salmon, Steelhead and More. Sports & Outdoors › Sports & Fitness › Hunting & Fishing › Fishing › Fishing Line › Fly Line Share Qty: Add to Cart Turn on 1-Click ordering for this browser Have one to sell? Sell on Amazon Troutster Fly Line Backing - Troutster Premium Fly Fishing Line Backing | 20-30 Pound Test | 50 or 100 Yards Length Fly Backing - Color: Yellow or White - Fly Reel Backer Fits All Types of Fly Fishing Reels; Fly Rod Backing for Trout, Bass, Pike, Salmon, Steelhead and More.4.5 out of 5 stars 35 customer reviews Price: $7.99FREE Shipping on orders over $25—or get FREE Two-Day Shipping with Amazon Prime In Stock. Sold by Troutster com and Fulfilled by Amazon . Gift-wrap available. Color: Yellow (Chartreuse)Size: 20 Pound Test - 50 Yards Available in 20 or 30 lb. Test. Great for trout, salmon, steelhead and other large fish. Super strong and smooth. Will fit on any fly fishing reel. Supreme knot strength. Frequently bought together+ +Total price: $33.97Add all three to Cart Add all three to List These items are shipped from and sold by different sellers. Show details This item: Fly Line Backing - Troutster Premium Fly Fishing Line Backing | 20-30 Pound Test | 50 or 100 Yards… $7.99SF Weight Forward Floating Line Fly Line Welded Loop 100 FT WF 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 wt F $16.995 Pack - Fly Fishing Tapered Leaders - 9' 7.5' 12' $8.99Customers who viewed this item also viewed Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1 This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading. Piscifun Braided Fly Line Backing With Orange White Fluorescent Yellow Color 20lb 30lb 100yd 300yd4.7 out of 5 stars 94$9.45 - $23.95Maxcatch Braided Fly Line Backing for Fly Fishing 20/30lb (White, Yellow, Orange, Black&White, Black&Yellow)4.9 out of 5 stars 25$6.99 - $19.50SF Braided Fly Fishing Trout Line Backing Line 20 LB 30 LB 100m/108yds 300m/328yds4.4 out of 5 stars 60$6.99 - $19.99RIO Dacron Fly Line Backing 20 or 30 lb 100 to 5000 yd White Orange Yellow4.6 out of 5 stars 41$9.90 - $189.99Scientific Anglers Backing Dacron Fly Line4.7 out of 5 stars 22$7.89 - $76.95Piscifun Sword Weight Forward Floating Fly Fishing Line with Welded Loop WF3 4 5 6 7 8wt 90 100FT4.3 out of 5 stars 162$11.98 - $38.98Customers also shopped for Page 1 of 1 Start over Page 1 of 1 This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading. Kast King Super Power Braided Fishing Line - Abrasion Resistant Braided Lines – Incredible Superline – Zero Stretch – Smaller Diameter – A Must-Have!4.3 out of 5 stars 1,571# 1 Best Seller in Braided Fishing Line$14.98 - $61.98Kast King Premium Monofilament Fishing Line - Superior Mono Nylon Material - Paralleled Roll Track Design – Tournament Grade – Strong, Abrasion Resistant Mono Line for Saltwater4.5 out of 5 stars 163# 1 Best Seller in Fly Line$5.98 - $16.98Piscifun Braided Fly Line Backing With Orange White Fluorescent Yellow Color 20lb 30lb 100yd 300yd4.7 out of 5 stars 94$9.45 - $23.95Maxcatch Braided Fly Line Backing for Fly Fishing 20/30lb (White, Yellow, Orange, Black&White, Black&Yellow)4.9 out of 5 stars 25$6.99 - $19.50Redington Behemoth Reel4.6 out of 5 stars 30$109.95 - $129.99Runcl Braided Fishing Line with 8 Strands, Ultra Strong Braided Line Zero Stretch Smaller Diameter Multiple Colors 1093Yds/1000M 546Yds/500M 328Yds/300M 109Yds/100M for Freshwater Saltwater Fishing4.9 out of 5 stars 18# 1 Best Seller in Ice Fishing Fishing Line$9.99 - $19.99Special offers and product promotions Color: Yellow (Chartreuse) | Size: 20 Pound Test - 50 Yards Your cost could be $0.00 instead of $7.99! Get a $50 Amazon.com Gift Card instantly upon approval for the Amazon Rewar
I really don't know, and I'm hoping an entomologist will answer this, but I do know that during metamorphosis the insect becomes completely liquid during that phase of its life, so I think that the emerging insect will be whole following pupation.
How long can you keep uncooked bacon in the fridge? Food & Drink Cooking & Recipes How long can you keep uncooked bacon in the fridge? I bought uncooked turkey bacon that has a sell by date of April 1rst. Once I open the package can I put it in a zip lock and leave it in the fridge until April?1 following 10 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: I would trim a couple weeks off of that. Or put it in the freezer. It'd probably still be good on April o1, but that IS A FOOLS day. Get as much air out of the packaging, regardless of what you decide. Vacuum sealers are great for making food last a little longer. No need to be a fool on April 1st.thinkaboutmoney · 7 years ago0 2 Comment Store Bacon Source (s):https://shrinkurl.im/a82a Adevereux · 1 year ago0 0 Comment Most people tend to still eat the meat a few days past the sell-by-date as the expiration date is usually later. I am not one of those people. You can always freeze it by April 1st and eat it later. Bacon is a cured meat and if kept at proper temps will last much longer than 4 days after opened. It's normally very easy to tell when bacon is bad by the smell. Most people don't keep their fridge at cold enough temps and if you find your bacon going bad in 3 days you need recheck your temps. To the person below me: bacon or any other meat will keep way longer when frozen. You can freeze bacon and eat it a year later. It will lose some flavor and taste different if not vacuum sealed but will not make you sick.sir_blunted · 7 years ago1 4 Comment Once you open the package you must use the bacon within a couple of weeks or else it will spoil. I M MORTAL · 7 years ago0 1 Comment It will be good if is frozen till april 1st. Don not unfreze the freze again cuz ill not be good to eat after. Unfrozen you can keep it no more than 24 hours at most, depending on temperature, coolder si better.ady_the.killer · 7 years ago0 2 Commentbacon is resistant but not immune to bacteria. Just freeze the unused portion. It will thaw in a few hours, so no reason not to.mark · 7 years ago0 1 Comment7 days , expiration date is meant to rmind you to use by that date for the best flavor and benefits try this site http://tinyurl.com/4tqx83z Mon Mon · 7 years ago0 1 Comment No, once opened and exposed to the air it should only be kept 4 days max. Anonymous · 7 years ago0 3 Comment I LOVE TURKEY BACON AN WAT I DO IS PLACE IN ZIP LOCK BAG AN PUT IN FREEZER UNTIL READY TOSource (s): MINEBrittany · 7 years ago0 1 Comment I just look at the color and texture. Jesseca C · 7 years ago0 3 Comment Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Find Moving Container Services Want to buy a domain name? Gourmet Chocolates, Eat Up VPN options for your computer 
Film is much higher quality than any of the digital video formats in common use. You can't really put a number on film's exact resolution, but it's ~9-10 megapixels; when you scan a 35mm negative into a computer, you keep discovering additional details until you reach 9 to 10 megapixels, so that's its rough resolution, varying a little depending on the exact brand and quality. DVD is only 0.34 (USA/Japan) or 0.41 (Australia/Europe) megapixels. HDTV is only 0.9, and Blu-ray is only 2.1. 4K is 8. Or in other words: if we take a film reel and use a big scanner to create a digital video from it, scanning at Blu-ray resolution only captures around 1/5th of the detail in the film. That's how they make DVDs/Blurays, they use a big scanner. 8K is the first digital video format we've created that's higher-quality than professional-quality 35mm film. It's still not better than 70mm film (the kind used for 2001: A Space Odyssey, Spartacus, Lawrence of Arabia, etc and Soviet films of the 70s and 80s).
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
The process of reclaiming the material for use can be time consuming and complex, and often costs more than working from new materials.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Statistical Thinking Statistical Thinking The process of using wide ranging and interacting data to understand processes, problems, and solutions. The opposite of one factor at a time (OFAT), where ones natural born tendency is to change one factor and “see” what happens.
Show the critical path of your project Every task is important, but only some of them are critical. The critical path is a chain of linked tasks that directly affects the project finish date. If any task on the critical path is late, the whole project is late. Click View > Gantt Chart. Click Format, and then select the Critical Tasks check box.
The Children of Lir (Loudest Whisper album) The Children of Lir is the debut album by Irish folk rock/progressive folk group Loudest Whisper. It is the studio adaption of the musical of the same name that was performed in Fermoy, Ireland in 1973. The album was released on LP record in Ireland by Polydor Records in 1974 in a limited edition of 500 copies.
Is Creatine Safe? How The King Of Performance Supps Affects Your Organs Nutrition Supplementation Is Creatine Safe? How The King Of Performance Supps Affects Your Organs Kurtis Frank & Sol Orwell August 29, 2017 • 6 min read Creatine is a vitamin for some, a bogeyman for others. Do you have any reason to fear the king of performance supplements? "Part of creatine's appeal is due to its effectiveness. "Creatine is, without a doubt, one of the most popular sports supplements of our time. Given how directly people associate it with improved performance and body composition you could even place it ahead of whey protein powder, which many athletes now seem to treat like a food—or, in some cases, a food group. Part of creatine's appeal is, of course, due to its effectiveness. Most of the people who take it simply see greater strength, power, and muscle growth as a result, and the research backs this up. Creatine also happens to be one of the most studied supplements, both in a sports setting and in how it interacts with various medical conditions. In short, if you're not taking creatine because you're afraid of a certain side effect, that side effect has probably been looked at in a laboratory setting. Want the straight truth about what creatine will or won't do to your heart, liver, or kidneys? Here's what the existing research has to say. General Side Effects and Concerns First off: Yes, creatine can cause water retention. This is probably no surprise. Regardless, unless you have a specific concern—like hypertension that requires treatment with diuretics—it's not a medical issue. For people concerned about looking bloated, the water retention happens in your muscles, so it actually makes you look a bit larger. This explains why some bodybuilders cut out creatine near the end of their contest prep. The rest of us needn't worry. Regarding other potential side effects: Stomach distress. This can happen when you take too much creatine at once, perhaps during a loading phase, without much else in your stomach. The remedy is usually simple: either increase your water and food intake when you take creatine or just take smaller doses of creatine throughout the day. Intestinal distress or diarrhea. This also can happen when you simply take too much creatine in a single dose. Since it cannot be absorbed in high quantities, this can cause osmotic diarrhea, a condition where water gets drawn into the bowels. The solution, again, is to take smaller doses. All of the common side effects associated with creatine stem from its absorption profile in the intestines. At low doses, around 1-3 grams, creatine is absorbed well. As the dose gets higher, the absorption decreases, which is why you can't overdose on creatine—at least, not in a way that would present a medical concern. There are some claims that creatine can contribute to cardiovascular issues such as arrhythmia, but they seem to be based on anecdotes and the placebo effect. What About The Liver? A common knock against creatine is that it's bad for the liver, but this doesn't withstand scrutiny. A number of human studies have looked specifically at creatine usage and liver parameters and found no association between the supplement and liver problems. 1,2If you really want to go cherry-picking, a single study found liver problems in a particular mouse strain after 300 days of supplementation. 3 Even with that in mind, human studies done on people with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's Disease, over a span of 9-16 months failed to find any problems with liver enzymes. 4-6What About The Kidneys? The idea that creatine could cause kidney damage comes from the following logic: One of the tests for a malfunctioning kidney is for creatinine. If the creatinine levels in your blood are high, your kidneys could be malfunctioning. Creatinine is a waste product of creatine, and loading creatine will increase your creatinine levels. Elevated creatinine levels in and of themselves aren't a problem. They can be indicative of kidney problems, but they can also occur inde
Which guitar should I buy in range of 7k-8k?
The tongue can detects five different tastes: salty, sweet, sour, bitter and umami (savoury flavours). Toothpaste becomes foamy when brushing. the foam is made by a chemical called sodium lauryl sulphate (SLS). SLS stops your sweet taste buds stop working so well. SLS also destroys fats that block your bitter taste buds. SLS hides the sweetness of orange juice and makes it taste bitterer.
on-demand computing On-demand computing is a delivery model in which computing resources are made available to the user as needed. The resources may be maintained within the user's enterprise, or made available by a cloud service provider. When the services are provided by a third-party, the term cloud computing is often used as a synonym for on-demand computing.
Officially it's illegal to teach children about homosexualism. As the result, some gay teens were accused for "gay propaganda" just because they came out.  Putin is sure that homosexualism is choice, that it's something that comes from "perverted rotten west". He thinks that if isolate kids from it, there will be less gay people (of course, he assumes gay people are bad). He ignores the fact that there were as many gay people in USSR as now in Russia.
Cups, Pints, Quarts, Gallons Background Information for Teachers and Parents A gallon is a unit of measurement that is larger than a quart, pint, and cup. You may want to present to your children with an empty gallon carton of milk or a gallon soup pot. With some assistance they can pour 4 quarts into the gallon container to understand that 4 quarts are equal to 1 gallon.
Moby-Dick chase, Ahab leaves Starbuck in charge of the "Pequod". Moby Dick smashes the three boats that seek him into splinters and tangles their lines. Ahab is rescued, but his ivory leg and Fedallah are lost. Starbuck begs Ahab to desist, but Ahab vows to slay the white whale, even if he would have to dive through the globe itself to get his revenge. On the third day of the chase, Ahab sights Moby Dick at noon, and sharks appear, as well. Ahab lowers his boat for a final time, leaving Starbuck again on board. Moby Dick breaches and destroys two
Tom Felton Tom Felton Thomas Andrew Felton (born 22 September 1987) is an English actor and musician. Felton began appearing in commercials when he was eight years old for companies such as Commercial Union and Barclaycard. He made his screen debut in the role of Peagreen Clock in "The Borrowers" (1997) and he portrayed Louis T. Leonowens in "Anna and the King" (1999). He rose to prominence for his role as Draco Malfoy in the film adaptions of the best-selling "Harry Potter" fantasy novels by J.K. Rowling. His performances in "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" and "Harry Potter and the Deathly
Rothmannia Rothmannia is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It was described in 1776 and is named for Göran Rothman (1739–1778) by Thunberg – both were pupils of Linnaeus. The genus has a wide distribution area and is found tropical and southern Africa, western Indian Ocean, southern China to Indo-China and New Guinea.
. Home About Photos Posts Community See more of Cape St Claire on Facebook Log Inor Create New Account Community See All897 people like this898 people follow this About See All Community Suggest Edits People897 likes People Also Like Rick Lax Has Friends Show Anne Arundel County Animal Control Government Organization Vizzini's Pizza and Subs Pizza Place Pages liked by this Page Cape Ace Hardware Broadneck Patch Go Broadneck.com English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) ·Français (France) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices ·Cookies · More Facebook © 2018Photos See All Posts Cape St Claire May 4, 2017 ·http://www.broadneckyouthsports.com/socce Fall Soccer Tryouts are here. The link for registration is on the top right corner of the page. You will need to create an account with Bonzi to register. Broadneck Area Youth Sports Broadneck Area Youth Sports Broadneck Area Youth Sports See more at BROADNECKYOUTHSPORTS. COMCape St Claire shared Cape St. Claire United Methodist 's photo. April 5, 2017 ·Cape St. Claire United Methodist April 5, 2017 ·The Broadneck-area churches invite you to join us on the beach to celebrate Easter & stay for breakfast at the community clubhouse!Service @ 6:15 am. See All Posts Cape St Claire shared Cape St. Claire United Methodist 's photo. August 15, 2016 ·Cape St. Claire United Methodist August 14, 2016 ·We're taking four weeks to think about essential–transformative–Christian practices. This week? Holy Communion. Cape St Claire added 2 new photos. June 29, 2015 ·Some Little Magothy River shots. Cape St Claire May 5, 2015 ·With the support of local churches, businesses and individual donors, My Brother’s Pantry works to aid the hungry here on the Broadneck Peninsula. The Pantry provides emergency food supplies to anyone who asks for help one one-time basis, as well as regular food supplements to eligible community members on a monthly basis. Starting at 6pm on Tuesday, May 5th, My Brother's Pantry will participate in The Great Give - a 24-hour online fundraiser designed to raise awareness of... See More Cape St Claire added 2 new photos. March 6, 2015 ·Cape St Claire updated their cover photo. June 9, 2014 ·Cape St Claire updated their cover photo. March 22, 2014 ·Cape St Claire updated their cover photo. January 7, 2014 ·Cape St Claire updated their cover photo. August 19, 2013 ·Cape St Claire updated their cover photo. March 26, 2012 ·Cape St Claire February 29, 2012 ·It was good to see a small gathering at the point this morning. I have an idea it will get better each week. Cape St Claire December 10, 2011 ·FREE Play set. 4 years old good shape. You disassemble and haul Cape St Claire shared a link. August 21, 2011 ·Maryland Seafood Festival | Go Broadneck an Online Entertainment Publication about the Broadneck Pen Sandy Point State Park will again be the host site for the 44th annual Maryland Seafood Festival, a tasty and entertaining tradition, with music, great food, exhibits, arts and crafts, and featuring The Capital’s 21st Crab Soup Cook-off and the Department of Natural Resources’ Maryland Fishing Chall...gobroadneck.com Cape St Claire July 13, 2011 ·http://thenewbumperbash.net/ Help support the special Olympics of Maryland. This is a lot of fun, and it's for a great cause.thenewbumperbash.net Bumper Bash 2011 - Saturday, July 23rd, 2011 - 11:00am until 7:00pm Where: Backside of Dobbins Island on the Magothy Riverthenewbumperbash.net Cape St Claire July 10, 2011 ·Lazy day at the Cape Pool... Cape St Claire shared a link. June 30, 2011 ·The Best Daily Deals in Annapolis - $30 to Spend on Food and Drink - Living Social You want crab cakes, she wants chimichangas -- deciding what's for dinner can be like fighting a border war. But at the Broadneck Grill and Cantina, both sides will be satiated with gourmet Mexican and American taking...livingsocial.com See More 
It is one of the http codes defined in the [RFC 7231 Standard](_URL_0_ ). The RFC is like 100 pages of rules. FYI, here are the other 4xx codes: 400 Bad Request 402 Payment Required 403 Forbidden 404 Not Found 405 Method Not Allowed 406 Not Acceptable 408 Request Timeout 409 Conflict 410 Gone 411 Length Required 413 Payload Too Large 414 URI Too Long 415 Unsupported Media Type 417 Expectation Failed  426 Upgrade Required
How can I follow through to my goals?
How cold can the Gobi Desert get, and how do its average temperatures compare to the ones in the Chihuahuan Desert?
Seattle is widely considered one of the most liberal cities in the United States, even surpassing its neighbor, Portland, Oregon. Support for issues such as same-sex marriage and reproductive rights are largely taken for granted in local politics. In the 2012 U.S. general election, an overwhelming majority of Seattleites voted to approve Referendum 74 and legalize gay marriage in Washington state. In the same election, an overwhelming majority of Seattleites also voted to approve the legalization of the recreational use of cannabis in the state. Like much of the Pacific Northwest (which has the lowest rate of church attendance in the United States and consistently reports the highest percentage of atheism), church attendance, religious belief, and political influence of religious leaders are much lower than in other parts of America.
In January, Japan invaded Burma, the Dutch East Indies, New Guinea, the Solomon Islands and captured Manila, Kuala Lumpur and Rabaul. After being driven out of Malaya, Allied forces in Singapore attempted to resist the Japanese during the Battle of Singapore but surrendered to the Japanese on 15 February 1942; about 130,000 Indian, British, Australian and Dutch personnel became prisoners of war. The pace of conquest was rapid: Bali and Timor also fell in February. The rapid collapse of Allied resistance had left the "ABDA area" split in two. Wavell resigned from ABDACOM on 25 February, handing control of the ABDA Area to local commanders and returning to the post of Commander-in-Chief, India.
Match Thread: Germany vs Spain IRC]( / [BBC]( / [ESPN]( / [Guardian]( / [FIFA Live]( / [ZonalMarking]( / [de.eurosport

Streams: ATDHE]( / [myp2p]( / [CBC]( / [Univision]( / [RojaDirecta]( / [LiveTV]( / [Eurovision]( / [LiveScoreHunter]( / [ITV Watch Live]( / [ardmediathek.de

**Germany:** 1-Neuer]( [20-Boateng]( [17-Mertesacker]( [3-Friedrich]( [16-Lahm]( [7-Schweinsteiger]( [6-Khedira]( [15-Trochowski]( [8-Özil]( [10-Podolski]( [11-Klose

**Spain:** 1-Casillas]( [11-Capdevila]( [3-Pique]( [15-Ramos]( [16-Busquets]( [14-Alonso]( [6-Iniesta]( [8-Xavi]( [7-Villa]( [18-Pedro]( [5-Puyol



**Referee** Viktor KASSAI
**Assistants:** Gabor Eros]( and [Tibor Vamos]( (both Hungary) **Fourth official:** [Frank de Bleeckere 

Please don't downvote people based on the team they support.
-


**GER 0 - 1 ESP** Final
Conquest of Wales by Edward I The Conquest of Wales by Edward I , sometimes referred to as the Edwardian Conquest of Wales , Examples of historians using the term include Professor J.E. Lloyd , regarded as the founder of the modern academic study of Welsh history , in his History of Wales from the Earliest Times to the Edwardian Conquest , first published in 1911 , and Professor R.R. Davies , the leading modern scholar of the period , in his works including The Age of Conquest : Wales , 1063 -- 1415 , published 2000 . took place between 1277 and 1283 . It resulted in the defeat and annexation of the Principality of Wales , and the other last remaining independent Welsh principalities , by Edward I , King of England .   By the 13th century Wales was divided between native Welsh principalities and the territories of the Anglo-Norman Marcher lords . The leading principality was Gwynedd whose princes had gained control of the greater part of the country , making the other remaining Welsh princes their vassals , and had taken the title Prince of Wales . Although English monarchs had made several attempts to seize control of the native Welsh territories , it was not until Edward 's war of conquest against Llywelyn ap Gruffudd ( `` Llywelyn the Last '' ) of 1277 to 1283 that this was achieved on a lasting basis .   In two campaigns , in 1277 and 1282/1283 respectively , Edward first significantly reduced the territory of the Principality of Wales and then completely overran it , as well as the other remaining Welsh principalities . Most of the conquered territory was retained as a royal fief , and these lands subsequently became , by custom , the territorial endowment of the heir to the English throne with the title Prince of Wales . The remainder would be granted to Edward 's supporters as new Marcher lordships . Although the territories would not be effectively incorporated into the Kingdom of England until the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 -- 1542 , Edward 's conquest marked the end of Welsh independence .
What are the software companies offer visa sponsorships to candidates in the UK?
Send a message.
Oberlin, Ohio Oberlin, Ohio From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Oberlin City City of Oberlin Motto (s): "Live. Learn. Lead. "Location of Oberlin, Ohio Location of Oberlin in Lorain County Coordinates: 41°17′18″N 82°13′0″WCoordinates: 41°17′18″N 82°13′0″WCountry United States of America State Ohio County Lorain Government• Type Council-manager• City manager Eric Norenberg Area [1]• Total 4.96 sq mi (12.85 km 2)• Land 4.92 sq mi (12.74 km 2)• Water 0.04 sq mi (0.10 km 2)Elevation [2] 814 ft (248 m)Population ( 2010) [3]• Total 8,286• Estimate (2012 [4]) 8,300• Density 1,684.1/sq mi (650.2/km 2)Time zone Eastern (EST) ( UTC-5)• Summer ( DST) EDT ( UTC-4)ZIP code 44074Area code (s) 440FIPS code 39-57834 [5]GNIS feature ID 1049034 [2]Website http://www.cityofoberlin.com/Oberlin is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States, southwest of Cleveland. Oberlin is the home of Oberlin College, a liberal arts college and music conservatory with approximately 3,000 students. The town is the birthplace of the Anti-Saloon League and the Hall-Héroult process, the process of reducing aluminum from its fluoride salts by electrolysis, which made industrial production of aluminum possible. [6]The population was 8,286 at the 2010 census. Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 Abolitionism2 Geography2.1 Climate3 Demographics3.1 2010 census3.2 2000 census4 Government5 Transportation6 Notable people7 Sister city8 See also9 References10 Bibliography11 Further reading12 External links History [ edit]This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (August 2013) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Oberlin was founded in 1833 by two Presbyterian ministers, John Jay Shipherd and Philo P. Stewart. The pair had become friends while spending the summer of 1832 together in nearby Elyria and discovered a shared dissatisfaction with what they saw as the lack of strong Christian morals among the settlers of the American West. Their proposed solution was to create a religious community that would more closely adhere to Biblical commandments, along with a school for training Christian missionaries who would eventually spread throughout the American frontier. The two decided to name their community after Jean-Frédéric Oberlin (1740–1826), an Alsatian minister whose pedagogical achievements in a poor and remote area had greatly impressed and inspired them. Shipherd and Stewart rode south from Elyria into the forests that covered the northern part of Ohio in search of a suitable location for their community. After a journey of approximately eight miles, they stopped to rest and pray in the shade of an elm tree along the forest, and agreed that this would be a good place to start their community. Legend has it that while they prayed, a hunter saw a family of bears climb down from a nearby tree. The bears saw the two men, but turned away without harming them. On hearing this story from the hunter, the two ministers took it to be a sign from God that they had selected the right place for their community and school. Shipherd traveled back east and convinced the owner of the land to donate 500 acres (2.0 km 2) of land for the school, and he purchased an additional 5,000 acres (20 km 2) for the town, at the cost of $1.50 per acre ($371/km²). While in that part of the country, he visited many of his friends and persuaded some to join in his adventure, and others to contribute money towards the construction of the community. The motto of the new Oberlin Collegiate Institute was "Learning and Labor." In those days the words were taken quite literally: tuition at Oberlin was free, but students were expected to contribute by helping to build and sustain the community. Thi
Credit cards have two revenue streams: So yes, the are making money from your daily use of the card.
Total Hip Replacement: How Long Does It Take to Recover? help your recovery. Improvements in strength, balance, and coordination after a hip replacement are needed to help patients return to their daily activities and decrease their risk for falls. Researchers have previously shown that hip strength and muscle weakness persist up to 2 years after surgery. Based on the rapid recovery in the first 3 to 4 months,
Roasted Cauliflower Recipe Roasted Cauliflower Recipe Recipe Comments Print Pin Share 32 Tweet Stumble Yum 2 Email Roasted Cauliflower is my favorite way of serving cauliflower. If you have never roasted cauliflower – try it now! This method of preparing cauliflower is very simple and extremely delicious! Once you have taste this cauliflower, you will never go back to boiling cauliflower. Because of the quick cooking in a very hot and dry oven, the cauliflower florets are not mushy. They will have softened slightly but still retain a very pleasing crunch. Roasting the cauliflower intensifies the flavor and gives it a nutty taste. It is so good that you could even serve it as an appetizer or as a snack. Even children love cauliflower cooked this way!Roasted Cauliflower Recipe: Print Prep Time: 10 minutes Cook Time: 25 minutes Yield: 2 servings Ingredients:1 large head cauliflower (about 2 pounds) 1 teaspoon sesame oil* 1 to 2 teaspoons extra-virgin olive oil * 1/2 teaspoon coarse salt 1/4 teaspoon coarsely-ground black pepper* The sesame oil is fantastic in this dish. Instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rinse cauliflower and cut into quarters. Cut off and discard leaves and cores. Cut quarters into 1/4- to 1/2-inch-thick slices or wedges. In a large bowl or resealable plastic bag, mix together cauliflower slices, sesame oil, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread in a single layer in a non-stick baking dish, or aluminum foil lined rimmed baking sheet. Bake prepared cauliflower approximately 20 to 25 minutes, turning every 10 minutes, or until cauliflower is browned or caramelized on edges and tender. Remove from oven and serve warm or at room temperature. Makes 2 servings. (My husband and I will eat all of the roasted cauliflower ourselves. )Roasted Cauliflower Variation Ideas: Add 1 tablespoon minced garlic. Add 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds and 1/4 teaspoon ground coriander Delete salt and add 1/4 cup soy sauce. Substitute smoked paprika for the salt and black pepper. Add 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and 1/2 cup finely-shredded Parmesan cheese after baking 15 minutes. Return to oven and continue roasting until the cheese is melted and any moisture has evaporated, approximately 5 to 10 additional minutes. More delicious cauliflower recipes: Cauliflower Cheese Pie This is an absolutely delicious cauliflower pie. The wonderful smell of the crispy potato crust as it bakes will set your taste buds alive. I like to serve this fantastic cauliflower pie with a nice salad for dinner. Cauliflower Rice – Gluten Free Wait until you try this amazing cauliflower rice recipe! It is delicious, very easy-to-make, low calorie, and gluten free. It is a great rice substitution. M y husband was actually surprised how delicious it is. Pasta with Roasted Cauliflower and Anchovies If you love cauliflower as I do, you will absolutely love this pasta dish. This pasta is so good that you’ll want to lick the bowl!Roasted Cauliflower Steaks This method of preparing cauliflower is very simple and wonderfully delicious! Once you’ve taste roasted cauliflower steaks, you will never go back to boiling cauliflower. This is a very elegant way to serve cauliflower. Related Recipes: Cauliflower Rice Recipe Spicy Cauliflower Recipe Roasted Cauliflower Steaks Recipe Deviled Cauliflower Recipe Categories: Cauliflower Side Dishes Vegan Recipes Comments and Reviews4 Responses to “Roasted Cauliflower Recipe”Joan October 5, 2016Just wondering – did you cook the cauliflower with the sesame oil or drizzle it over after cooking? Reply Linda Stradley October 6, 2016Thank you for letting me know of the omission of sesame oil. I corrected the recipe. In a large bowl or resealable plastic bag, mix together cauliflower slices, sesame oil, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Spread in a single layer in a non-stick baking dish, or aluminum foil lined rimmed baking sheet. Reply Tracye December 21, 2016I made this recipe, and added fresh green beans, fresh garlic, mushrooms and sliced cherry tomatoes, placed it over some creamy garlic rice. it was wonderful. I just wanted to add 
Quartically hyponormal weighted shifts need not be 3-hyponormal
It prevents additional viruses from entering. As the immune system is busy handling one virus it leaves the body open to attack from another virus. To prevent this there are several other defense mechanisms that turn on like increased mucus production, lack of hunger and tiredness. The flu virus and influenza virus does take advantage of this as it spreads though mucus that gets airborne after you cough. So it will also stimulate mucus production.
Circadian rhythms are what cause you to wake up in the morning, helped along by sunlight. Circadian rhythms raise your body temperature back up to normal levels when it's time to wake up, cause various hormones to be released, etcetera etcetera.
One could argue Britain, as 92 hereditary peers still have the right to sit in the House of Lords (for which they're paid £300 a day) and debate, analyse, alter and delay government bills. However, these peers were elected (out of the large number of former hereditary peers) by the other Lords, and will not pass on their Lordships to their own children. So, essentially, a (small) somewhat privileged nobility still exists, but this is the last generation of them.
For the most part, they don't. There are no mainstream scientific theories that purport the existence of wormholes. There are a lot of people, including some scientists, who *want* wormholes to exist, because they would give us the possibility of travelling interstellar distances, and some have come up with speculative theories on how wormholes might exist. But as of right now, there is no evidence to support those theories.
Not "glow in the dark" but fluorescent (i.e. visible under UV (black) light), yes, absolutely. You'd need to use a virus to transfect your cells. If you just injected GFP your body would break it down. There are rumors everywhere about scientists who accidentally injected themselves with GFP transfecting viruses and have little fluorescent points on their fingers.
Why is the beneficiary not allowed?
43 Best Post-Workout Meals for Faster Results This recipe comes directly from McCormick Foods. If you're a fudge and a pistachio lover, this is the recipe for you! Its so easy to make and delicious, too. fudge. green. pistachio. nuts. nutty.
This comment is not toxic.
Tokyo/Yokohama, Japan Tokyo is both the largest and most expensive city in the world. Small and medium cruise ships that can fit under the Rainbow Bridge dock at Harumi Passenger Ship Terminal on Harumi Island. The nearest metro station is Kachidoki Station on the Toei Oedo Subway Line (20 mins on foot, 5 mins by bus or taxi). Alternatively, you can take Toei bus 5 (¥210, Mar 2015) to Ginza station.
>  Checking your credit score regularly can negatively impact your credit score. How is this fair if I'm trying to monitor my account history to make sure I'm on track. Soft checks (like some sites offer) don't hurt your credit score. But the reason doing a hard check (like a bank, or a car company does, or possibly what you've been doing) hurts your credit is because it appears that you're looking for credit, which means you may be more likely to need money, which means you're slightly less of a good person to loan money to. It's not a huge hit though if it's done sparingly.
Big Data &Sales Intelligence Inbusiness, you can't leave anything tochance... SALES INTELLIGENCE SOLUTIONWATCH VIDEODOWNLOAD BROCHUREPut Big Data to work for your sales team Leads – Prospecting – Closing REQUEST A DEMOCONTACT US 
On a damped Szego equation (with an appendix in collaboration with
  Christian Klein)
What are the differences between Android and iOS? What are their similarities?
Photosynthesis requires at least blue and a little deep red (green is actually thrown back unused). Firelight is 1700K-2000k, very skewed towards red and infrared. There is very little blue. You might cook your plants with infrared heat before making enough blue at that color temp.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
What is a Mollusk? In many bivalves and snails, and in cephalopods, part of the mantle is modified into a siphon, which can be used to pump water through the mantle cavity for respiration, feeding and/or jet propulsion. Freshwater and marine mollusks have gills (called ctenidia) for respiration, located in the mantle cavity. In most bivalves, these are enlarged and serve to trap food particles as well (Morton 1983).
Your Questions Answered Over time, spices will lose their potency and not flavor your food as intended. As a general rule, whole spices will stay fresh for about 4 years, ground spices for about 3 to 4 years and dried leafy herbs for 1 to 3 years.To find out storage times for specific herbs and spices, you can consult our Keep It or Toss It database.ver time, spices will lose their potency and not flavor your food as intended. As a general rule, whole spices will stay fresh for about 4 years, ground spices for about 3 to 4 years and dried leafy herbs for 1 to 3 years.
Downtown East, Minneapolis Downtown East is an official neighborhood in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States part of the larger Central community. Its boundaries are the Mississippi River to the north, Interstate 35W to the east, 5th Street South to the south, and Portland Avenue to the west. It is bounded by the Downtown West, Elliot Park, and Cedar-Riverside neighborhoods. The Marcy-Holmes neighborhood is on the other side of the river, but there is no direct automobile connection between the two neighborhoods. There is a pedestrian and bicycle connection via the Stone Arch Bridge. Downtown East was home to the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, where the Minnesota Twins (MLB baseball), Minnesota Vikings (NFL football), and Minnesota Gophers (NCAA University of Minnesota football) have all played home games. As of 2009, the Minnesota Golden Gophers moved into the new TCF Bank Stadium on the University of Minnesota Campus. Additionally, the Minnesota Twins moved into new Target Field at the start of the 2010 season. In 2016, U.S. Bank Stadium opened on the Metrodome's former site.
Wilder Wilder is a city in Canyon County, Idaho, United States. The population was 1,462 at the 2000 census. The home of former Idaho State Governor Phil Batt, Wilder is primarily an agricultural community, with onions, hops, seed corn, beans and alfalfa seed among the major crops. Wilder has a meat processing plant, SSI, manufacturing frozen individual serving hamburgers and french fries.
How to Plot Multiple Lines on an Excel Graph How to Plot Multiple Lines on an Excel Graphby John Michael Thomas When you create a line chart in Microsoft Excel, your chart may display only a single plot line. It's often helpful, however, to plot two or more lines on the same chart, for example you may have multiple data series that were collected at the same time, or you want to compare data taken at different times. To create an Excel chart with multiple lines, create a new chart with multiple plot lines or add plot lines to an existing chart. Create a New Chart With Multiple Lines Enter Your Data If you already have a spreadsheet with data entered into columns, skip to the next step ( Create Your Chart, below). Step 1: Enter the labels for each of the data series In the first row of the worksheet, enter the labels for each of the data series to plot. Since each data series (the data for each separate line to be plotted) must be in a separate column, you must enter the labels for each data series in a separate column on the first row. Excel uses the labels in the first row of each column to label the lines in the chart for the data in that column. Step 2: Enter your data Enter your data into each of your columns, in the rows below the labels. Here's an example worksheet showing two data series. The data for each series is in a separate column, and the label to display on the chart for each is in the first row of each column. Step 3: Create Your Chart1. Select all the cells in each column that contain your data.2. On the Office Ribbon select the Insert tab, click on Line in the Charts section of the ribbon, and then select the type of chart you want to create. Excel creates a new chart that displays a separate plot line for each column of data. Add a Line to an Existing Chart Step 1: Enter your new data Enter or copy and paste the data for the new plot line into the column immediately to the right of the original data. Make sure to add a label to the first row of the new column so the chart can display a label for the new plot line. Step 2: Select the chart Click on the chart that displays the original data to select it. Step 3: Edit the Chart data range Right-click on the chart and choose Select Data... from the pop-up menu. Alternately, click Select Data from the Data section of the Office Ribbon in the Chart Tools Design tab. The Select Data Source dialog opens. The data displayed in the chart is shown in the Chart data range field.4. In the Chart data range field, change the last letter of the displayed range, to make it match the letter of the last column of the new data. In the example, the Chart data range displays =Sheet2!$A$1:$A$12, but the new column of data is column $B. So the last A (in the cell reference $A$12) must be changed to a B. The resulting Chart data range displays =Sheet2!$A$1:$B$12. After changing the Chart data range, press the OK button. The chart updates to display an additional plot line for the new data. References How to Make a Line Graph in Microsoft Excel How to Change the Chart Type in Excel How to Use the Chart Wizard in Excel How to Make a Cell Reference Absolute in Excel About the Author John Michael Thomas is a writer and technology consultant with more than 20 years experience in software and systems engineering, IT, cybersecurity, industrial automation and chemical and biological weapons detection. He holds a Bachelor of Science in computer science and mathematics and has worked with Fortune 100 technology companies, film and television productions, and the U. S. government. More Articles How to Sum a Column in an Excel Spread Sheet How to Capture Data From User Forms Into an Excel Worksheet How to Convert Excel Data to Charts How to Merge Multiple Spreadsheets in Excel How to Plot a Secondary Axis on Microsoft Excel How to Create Target Lines in Excel Charts How to Create a Summary Chart in Excel How to Create Sales Charts in Excel How to Append Data in Access 
Untouchability of executioner and butcher. Yemen: Al-Akhdam Tibet : Ragyabpa (see Social classes of Tibet) Others: * Tanka (danhu) ("boat people") in Guangdong, Fuzhou Tanka in Fujian Untouchability Untouchability, in its literal sense, is the practice of ostracising a minority group by segregating them from the mainstream by social custom or legal mandate. The term is most commonly associated with treatment of the Dalit communities in the Indian subcontinent who were considered "polluting", but the term has also been loosely used to refer to other groups, such as the Cagots in Europe, and the Al-Akhdam in Yemen. Traditionally, the groups characterized
dank dank You can describe something that is unpleasantly cool, damp, and clammy as dank. If you have ever visited a cave or unfinished basement, you know how a dank place feels. Yuck. The adjective dank is often used to describe places that would have moist or damp walls. A dank cave can provide hundreds of bats shelter, but you probably wouldn't want to visit them. Tunnels can also be choice dank locations: "The tunnel under the harbor was always dank, and the workers constantly had to battle mold and lichen on the tile walls." One way to remember dank 's meaning is to think of dark since they share three letters and seem to go together; a dank place is often a dark one as well. Thesaurus Definitions of dank1adj unpleasantly cool and humid“a dank cellar”“ dank rain forests”Synonyms:clammywetcovered or soaked with a liquid such as water Word Family Usage Examples 
What is TrOOP or True Out-Of-Pocket Costs What is TrOOP or True Out-Of-Pocket Costs. 1  TrOOP is the annual Total out-of-pocket costs and was also known before as True out-pf-pocket costs. In general, TrOOP includes all payments for Medications listed on your plan's formulary and purchased at a Network or participating Pharmacy.
. Kenneth Wayne Scruggs Obituary Remember Kenneth Wayne Scruggs September 25, 1961 - February 5, 2012Chesnee, South Carolina Set a Reminder for the Anniversary of Kenneth's Passing Forward to Family & Friends Share a Memory Make a Charitable Donation Add a Photo Print Contact Support Death Certificates Share This Obituary Obituary Send Condolences Add A Photo Memory Book Memories & Candles Previous“Lynne,thoughts and prayers for your family. Ps.91:1-2. He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty. I will... Read More » ” 1 of 44 | Posted by: Tammy Sparks - gaffney, SC“I am so sorry to hear of Mr. Scruggs death my condolences to the family. Timothy is shocked and saddened by Mr. Scruggs death and remembers that Mr... Read More » ” 2 of 44 | Posted by: Shelia and Timothy Darden - SC“lynn and family you are in our prayers. ” 3 of 44 | Posted by: RON AND NANCY GOODE - gaffney, SC“I'm so Sorry to hear about the loss of Ken. I worked at Noland with Ken and remember he was smiling 99.9% of the time. My favorite memory of Ken... Read More » ” 4 of 44 | Posted by: Elizabeth Burnett (Everette) - SC“Dear Jeff and Betsey, I have sent this message in text, by way of Face Book and through Brian and Mandy. However, I can not express enough, how... Read More » ” 5 of 44 | Posted by: Cindy Robbins - Church Hill, TN“Kenneth was a good friend through Mayo Elementary and Chesnee High. May the Lord bless the family in a special way. We will miss Brother Kenneth... Read More » ” 6 of 44 | Posted by: Frank Walker - Chesnee, SC“Kenneth was a good friend through Mayo Elementary and Chesnee High. May the Lord bless the family in a special way. We will miss Brother Kenneth... Read More » ” 7 of 44 | Posted by: Frank Walker - Chesnee, SC“Our prayers are with you, Lynne, and your family during this hard time of separation. May God comfort you during this time. Joe and Jan Hampton ” 8 of 44 | Posted by: Joe and Jan Hampton“Wow, can't really pick a memory, starts with flying duct tape, has lots of talks and hugs and encouragement during trying times for me, with... Read More » ” 9 of 44 | Posted by: Beth - chesnee, SC - friend“We love you all so much and will miss Ken dearly. Our prayers will be with you in this transition of your lives. Please call on us anytime. We... Read More » ” 10 of 44 | Posted by: Beverly Smith - Chesnee, SC“So very sorry for your loss. It was always a pleasure to talk with Ken. He had a great smile and an upbeat attitude. Ken will be greatly missed. ... Read More » ” 11 of 44 | Posted by: Kevin and Gina Stephens - SC“Our sympathy for your lose. God will help you with your pain. Jean and Jerry Knighton ” 12 of 44 | Posted by: Jean Knighton - Wellford, SC“Farrah, Ben and boys, I'm so sorry for your loss! My heart hurts so bad for all of you! Know that you're all in our thoughts and prayers and if... Read More » ” 13 of 44 | Posted by: Kara Duncan“Lynne, I am so sorry for your loss. I will keep you and your family in my prayers. Love, Sandra ” 14 of 44 | Posted by: Sandra Taylor Seiler - Sylva, NC“Lynn, We were so sorry to hear about your loss. We will keep you all in our thoughts and prayers. Susan and Michael Blanton and Morgan Ryan ” 15 of 44 | Posted by: Susan Blanton - Chesnee, SC“Jr, Betsey & Jeffrey we are so sorry for your loss. Kenneth was a super nice guy and will be missed. May God lift you all up during this most... Read More » ” 16 of 44 | Posted by: Wendy Sailor - Chesnee, SC“The Tarleton family is truely sorry for your loss . Ken will be missed. Eric Tarleton ” 17 of 44 | Posted by: Eric Tarleton - Spartanburg, SC“Sorry for your lost Ken was a good man we will miss him at NURRC ” 18 of 44 | Posted by: Julius Lewis - Spartanburg, SC“To the family... Lynn we were shocked and very sorry for your lost. Knowing Ken we all know that he is absent from your present but still in your... Read More » ” 19 of 44 | Posted by: Willam and Sandra Goode - Moore, SC“Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. Brown & Brown of South Carolina ” 20 of 44 | Posted by: Kim Langley, Edd
Difference Between Composite & Component AV Cable Difference Between Composite & Component AV Cableby Shea Laverty Composite cable and component cables have similar names and both use RCA connectors; these traits in common often confuse people. However, despite these similarities there are several differences between these two audio-visual cable types. Number of Connectors The biggest difference between composite and component cables is the number of connectors on each. Basic composite cables have six male connectors -- two video and four audio. Specialized connectors often employed by devices such as gaming consoles usually only have four -- one video, two audio and one specialized output plug that connects to the device itself. Basic component cables have 10 connectors -- six for video and four for audio. Specialized component cables have only six connectors - three video, two audio and one specialized input cable for the output device. These are examples of the most common integrated composite and component; some are purely video cables that require a separate RCA audio cable. Connector Colors Another visible difference is the color of the connectors. Composite connectors feature three primary colors -- yellow for video, and white and red for audio. Sometimes the white or the red is replaced with a black connector instead, but typically yellow, red and white are the basic colors. Component connectors feature red, blue and green for video, and typically the same red and white for audio. Occasionally, the audio connectors will be designed differently, featuring dark covers with colored bands to differentiate the red audio from the red video. Sometimes the opposite is employed with the video cables featuring this different cover design, again to prevent confusion. Signal Division The way composite and component video cables transmit video data is also significantly different. Composite video cables transmit image data in a single line-level cable where video information is encoded into a single channel. Component instead divides the signal into three separate channels: YPBPR. Y represents luminance or the screen's brightness, while PB carries the difference between blue and the luminance and PR carries the difference between red and the luminance. Picture Quality Composite is limited in that it transmits lower-quality video. Typically, composite is limited to a resolution of 480i or 576i. Since this is only standard definition, modern high-definition images will not display optimally using composite video. Component can display content in both standard- or high-definition, from 480i to 1,080p -- and theoretically beyond. It is hampered only by the native resolution of the display device. References Gameyeeeah: Gameyeeeah Answers Difference Between Composite, S-Video and Component Video Cable More Articles VGA to RCA Wiring Schematic How to Connect Two HDMI Cables What Is HDMI Upscaling? How do I Hook Up a Wii to a Dynex LCD? RG59 Vs. RG6 Cable What Is the Difference in Gold HDMI Cables Vs. Normal HDMI Cables? How to Turn on Subtitles on a Sony LCD Bravia Specs for the Ge Force 6150SE How to Convert RF to VGAPhoto Credits 
My America My America is a series of fictional diaries of children that take place during significant moments in American history. Created by Scholastic, it is a spin-off of the series, "Dear America", geared toward younger children (grades 3-5). The series covers: Jamestown, the American Revolution, the American Civil War, Westward Expansion, Underground Railroad, and slavery. Each topic has three books and is authored by a different writer. Writers include well respected and popular children's authors, such as Mary Pope Osborne of Magic Tree House fame. The series was discontinued in 2004, but the books continue to be a popular teaching device for introducing American history to elementary school age children.
Causes Causes. Pertussis, a respiratory illness commonly known as whooping cough, is a very contagious disease caused by a type of bacteria called Bordetella pertussis. These bacteria attach to the cilia (tiny, hair-like extensions) that line part of the upper respiratory system.
James Anderson (American actor) James Anderson (American actor) James Anderson (July 13, 1921 – September 14, 1969), sometimes billed as Kyle James, was an American television and film actor of the 1950s and 1960s. He is probably best known for his role as Robert E. Lee "Bob" Ewell in "To Kill a Mockingbird" (1962). He made more than 120 appearances, mostly in television and several films between 1941 and 1969. He made three guest appearances on "Perry Mason", including the role of murder victim Frank Anderson in the 1958 episode, "The Case of the Pint-Sized Client," and murder victim Stanley Piper in the 1960
Greenwood Lake Greenwood Lake Greenwood Lake is located in the lower corner of Orange County and extends into New Jersey. This 1,918 acre lake offers a great variety of fish species including Walleye, Largemouth and Smallmouth Bass, Crappie and other panfish. Greenwood also offers the opportunity to catch a trophy Musky! Pure strain and Tiger Muskellunge are stocked annually.
If any boy produces an outstanding piece of work, it may be "Sent Up For Good", storing the effort in the College Archives for posterity. This award has been around since the 18th century. As Sending Up For Good is fairly infrequent, the process is rather mysterious to many of Eton's boys. First, the master wishing to Send Up For Good must gain the permission of the relevant Head of Department. Upon receiving his or her approval, the piece of work will be marked with Sent Up For Good and the student will receive a card to be signed by House Master, tutor and division master.
George Pullman Victor Debs, a pacifist and socialist who later founded the Socialist Party of America and was its candidate for president in five elections. Under the leadership of Debs, sympathetic railroad workers across the nation tied up rail traffic to the Pacific. The so-called "Debs Rebellion" had begun. Arcade Building with strikers and soldiers Debs gave Pullman five days to respond to the union demands but Pullman refused even to negotiate (leading another industrialist to yell, "The damned idiot ought to arbitrate, arbitrate and arbitrate! ...A man who won't meet his own men halfway is a God-damn fool!"). Instead, Pullman locked
Lost or Stolen Refund Check Lost or Stolen Refund Check. If your refund check has been lost, destroyed or stolen, you must write the North Carolina Department of Revenue to request another check. We must have your written authorization before issuing a stop payment or beginning forgery proceedings. If you filed a joint return, you and your spouse must both sign the letter.
Rod Stewart - Cover Song - Have I Told You Lately - released June 1993 In 1993 Rod Stewart's cover of the song was released that was his last Top Five solo hit to date, becoming a #5 hit in the US and the UK. This version also spent five weeks at #1 on the US adult contemporary chart. Have I told you lately that I love you. Have I told you there's no one else above you.
If this happens regularly there is either a hardware problem with your router, or maybe more likely there is a software problem casing a memory leak or some other reason making it crash. Because a router should not need to be restarted with any kind of frequency.
1992 South African apartheid referendum multi-racial elections, which resulted in a huge victory for the African National Congress and made Nelson Mandela the first black President of South Africa. 1992 South African apartheid referendum A referendum on ending apartheid was held in South Africa on 17 March 1992. The referendum was limited to white South African voters, who were asked whether or not they supported the negotiated reforms begun by State President F. W. de Klerk two years earlier, in which he proposed to end the apartheid system that had been implemented since 1948. The result of the election was a large victory for the
> biologically wired to wake up several hours after sunrise and go to bed several hours after sunset It's not quite that simple. Exposure to sunlight, or artificial lighting that's close enough to sunlight, inhibits the production of hormones that make you feel tired. This is why we generally feel more tired when it's dark rather than when it's really bright. The amount of sleep each individual person needs will vary based on lifestyle as well as genes, too, so we aren't exactly hardwired to wake up "several hours after sunrise." When your body releases more tiredness hormones also depends on your sleeping habits, so if you wake up or go to sleep in a particular pattern for long enough, you will change when your body releases the hormones to match those times.  Having [one long sleep](_URL_0_) is also not how it has always been.
DisneyWar DisneyWar is an exposé of Michael Eisner's 20-year tenure as chairman and CEO at The Walt Disney Company by James B. Stewart. The book chronicles the careers and interactions of executives at Disney, including Card Walker, Ron W. Miller, Roy E. Disney, Frank Wells, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Michael Ovitz, Joe Roth, Robert Iger and Stan Kinsey.
According to a study by the Australian National University, bees are very good at finding their way home, even over long dustances, and often rely on the position of the sun, the polarisation of light in the sky, the panorama view of the horizon and landmarks including towers, mountains or lakes. From that article: “In their forage trips, one way that honeybees use to find their way home is by storing distance and directional information when they venture out,” said Professor Zhang. “In other words, they try to go back the way they came." So bees rely on landmarks, the sky, and a general bearing of what direction they have traveled and can make it back home, even if it takes them multiple days. Though this probably begins to fail the further they go from the hive. Source: _URL_0_
Four months after fundraiser, Trump says he gave $1 million to veterans group 2:08Meet the ‘nasty’ reporter who got Trump to donate $1 million Almost four months after promising $1 million of his own money to veterans’ causes, Donald Trump moved to fulfill that pledge Monday evening — promising the entire sum to a single charity as he came under intense media scrutiny. Trump, now the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, organized a nationally televised fundraiser for veterans’ causes in Des Moines on Jan. 28. That night, Trump said he had raised $6 million, including the gift from his own pocket.“Donald Trump gave $1 million,” he said then. As recently as last week, Trump’s campaign manager had insisted that the mogul had already given that money away. But that was false: Trump had not. In recent days, The Washington Post and other media outlets had pressed Trump and his campaign for details about how much the fundraiser had actually raised and whether Trump had given his portion. The candidate refused to provide details. On Monday, a Post reporter used Twitter — Trump’s preferred social-media platform — to search publicly for any veterans groups that had received Trump’s money. By Monday afternoon, The Post had found none. But it seems to have caught the candidate’s attention. Later Monday evening, Trump called the home of James K. Kallstrom, a former FBI official who is chairman of the Marine Corps-Law Enforcement Foundation. The charity aids families of fallen Marines and federal law enforcement officers. Trump told Kallstrom that he would give the entire $1 million to the group, according to Kallstrom’s wife. Sue Kallstrom said she was not sure whether the money had been transferred yet. [ Trump said he raised $6 million for vets. Now his campaign says it was less. ]Other big donors to Trump’s fundraiser had already made their gifts weeks before. Why had Trump waited so long?“You have a lot of vetting to do,” Trump said Tuesday in a telephone interview conducted while he was flying to a campaign rally in Albuquerque. For this particular donation, it would seem that little new vetting was required because Trump already knew the recipient well. The Marine Corps-Law Enforcement Foundation had already received more than $230,000 in donations from the Donald J. Trump Foundation — a charity controlled by Trump but largely funded by others. Last year, the group gave Trump its “Commandant’s Leadership Award” at a gala in New York.0:00Copy Trump captures the nation’s attention as he campaigns View Photos The presidential candidate and billionaire businessman leads the field of candidates in the Republican race. When asked Tuesday whether he had given the money this week only because reporters had been asking about it, Trump responded: “You know, you’re a nasty guy. You’re really a nasty guy. I gave out millions of dollars that I had no obligation to do.”Trump’s call on Monday night stood in contradiction to an account given Friday by campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. “The money is fully spent,” Lewandowski said then. “Mr. Trump’s money is fully spent.”On Tuesday, Trump said Lewandowski would not have been in a position to know that. “I don’t know that Corey would even know when I gave it out,” he said. In the same interview, Trump said the fundraiser had raised about $5.5 million for veterans overall. He said he was not sure how much of it remained to be given away. That also contrasted with the account last week from Lewandowski, who said that about $4.5 million had been raised and that Trump’s effort had fallen short of the promised $6 million because some unnamed big donors had backed out. On Tuesday, Trump said no major contributors had reneged. “For the most part, I think they all came through,” he said. “Some of them came through very late.”Trump also said he had never actually promised that the fundraiser had raised $6 million. “I didn’t say six,” he said. But, in video of the event, Trump tells the crowd, “We just cracked $6 million! Right? $6 million.”Trump was told that he did, indeed, say “$6 million.”“We
brut [broot] /brut/. noun. 1. any of a number of partly legendary, partly historical chronicles dealing with early English history, written during the Middle Ages and usually beginning with Brutus, the mythic and eponymous ancestor of the country. I selected an object—a bottle of brut cologne—and was ushered into a second smaller room.
In 1744, Burke started at Trinity College Dublin, a Protestant establishment, which up until 1793, did not permit Catholics to take degrees. In 1747, he set up a debating society, "Edmund Burke's Club", which, in 1770, merged with TCD's Historical Club to form the College Historical Society; it is the oldest undergraduate society in the world. The minutes of the meetings of Burke's Club remain in the collection of the Historical Society. Burke graduated from Trinity in 1748. Burke's father wanted him to read Law, and with this in mind he went to London in 1750, where he entered the Middle Temple, before soon giving up legal study to travel in Continental Europe. After eschewing the Law, he pursued a livelihood through writing.
Primary Education in the United States Primary Education in the United States In the US the first stage of compulsory education is generally known as elementary education. It takes place in elementary schools which usually incorporate the first five grades and sometimes have a kindergarten. Elementary schools in the US are also known as grade schools or grammar schools. In some schools, teachers utilize a "looping system" where the same teacher teaches the same group of students for two years. For example, a third-grade class may have one teacher who would teach those students for an entire year, then that teacher would teach fourth-grade the next year, and thereby teach the same class again. The teacher would then revert back to the third grade the following year to start the process all over with a different group of students. Over the past few decades, schools in the USA have been testing various arrangements which break from the one-teacher, one-class mould. Multi-age programmes, where children in different grades (e.g. Kindergarten through to second grade) share the same classroom and teachers, is one increasingly popular alternative to traditional elementary instruction. An alternative is that children might have a main class and go to another teacher's room for one subject, such as science, while the science teacher's main class will go to the other teacher's room for another subject, such as social studies. This could be called a two-teacher, two-class mould, or a rotation, similar to the concept of teams in junior high school. Another method is to have the children have one set of classroom teachers in the first half of the year, and a different set of classroom teachers in the second half of the year.‹ Primary Educationup Secondary Education › 
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
Medical Dictionary Heart Health Center Heart-Healthy Foods Slideshow Pictures Heart Disease Quiz: Test Your Medical IQCoronary Heart Disease Coronary heart disease (CHD), also called coronary artery disease, affects about 14 million men and women in the United States. Disease develops when a combination of fatty material, calcium, and scar tissue (plaque) builds up in the arteries that supply the heart with blood. Through these arteries, called the coronary arteries, the heart muscle (myocardium) gets the oxygen and other nutrients it needs to pump blood. See the complete A-Z list of all the heart health related information or browse the current list of select resources. Heart Related Resources Heart Health Articles Angina Pectoris Aortic Aneurysm Ask Can a Person Live with Atrial Fibrillation Ask Can Atrial Fibrillation Go Away on Its Own Ask Feel Like Have Deep Vein Thrombosis symptoms Ask How Do You Know if Atrial Fibrillation Ask How Do You Stop an AFib Attack Ask What Can Trigger Atrial Fibrillation Atrial Fibrillation Atrial Fibrillation A-Fib FAQs Atrial Flutter Automated External Defibrillators (AED)Blood Clot in the Legs Blood Clots C Reactive Protein Blood Test (CRP)Cardiomyopathy Chest Pain Overview Congestive Heart Failure Coronary Heart Disease Deep Vein Thrombosis and Pulmonary Embolism FAQs Edema Electrocardiogram (ECG)Heart and Lung Transplant Heart Attack Heart Attack Symptoms or Hiatal Hernia Differences Heart Disease FAQs Heart Failure FAQs Heart Failure Symptoms Heart Rhythm Disorders Homocysteine Mitral Valve Prolapse Palpitations Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (PCI)Pericarditis Pulmonary Embolism Staying Up to Date Heart Attack Guidelines Stroke Stroke-Related Dementia Sudden Cardiac Arrest Sudden Cardiac Arrest Causes Sudden Cardiac Arrest FAQs Supraventricular Tachycardia SVT Supraventricular Tachycardia vs Heart Attack Tetralogy of Fallot Transient Ischemic Attack (Mini-Stroke)Ventricular Septal Defect Heart Health Medications Heart Health Images and Slideshows Heart Health Quizzes Heart Health News Heart Health A-Z List: Complete Listing of Cardiology Related Information A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R ST U V W X Y Z 
Calvin Klein Biography Famous People » Fashion Calvin Klein Biography Calvin Klein is America’s extremely talented fashion designer who initiated the brand ‘Calvin Klein’. This biography gives detailed information about his childhood, life, works and timeline SHAREONQuick Facts Also Known As: Richard Klein, Calvin Richard Klein Famous as: Fashion Designer Nationality: American Birthday: November 19, 1942Age: 75 Years Sun Sign: Scorpio Height: 1.75 m Born in: The Bronxfather: Flore Sternsiblings: Alexis Klein, Barry Klein Spouse/Ex-spouse: Jayne Centre Klein, Kelly Rectorchildren: Marci Klein Ideology: Democrats Founder/Co-Founder: Calvin Klein Net worth: $700 Million as of Apr 29, 2017More Facts Image Credit Calvin Klein As PDFWhen it comes to avant-garde fashion, very few designers offer absolutely modern and sophisticated style as Calvin Klein. Endowed with a tasteful sense of fashion, Calvin Klein is one of America’s top fashion designers who created waves through his minimal yet classic designs. He never infused too many colours in his apparels. In fact, Klein best used neutral tones in his ensembles to give them richness and opulence. His Calvin Klein Empire which started off as a small coat company today proudly offers a wide range of products from apparels to fragrance, underwear to footwear and much more. While Klein’s chic designs were a rage, it was his launch of tight-fitting jeans that augmented both the company and his status by leaps and bounds. The denim wear collection had hit bull’s eye and became the talk of the town. As if this were any less, the 1980s witnessed a further boom after the launch of men’s innerwear. While Klein’s products received critical acclaim, his advertisements were severely criticized and created controversy for being outrageously provocative and socially irresponsible. Though the ads were eventually withdrawn, they gave the brand much needed publicity Recommended Lists: Fashion Designers American Men American Fashion Designers Scorpio Men Childhood & Early Life Calvin Richard Klein was born to Flo and Leo Stern on November 19, 1942 in Bronx, New York. He was the second of the three children that the couple had. Ever since he was a child, he intently watched his grandmother who was a seamstress. As such, he soon developed a love for sewing, which only deepened to become his passion and later profession. Interestingly, when kids of his age played sports, he spend hours sketching designs and sewing fashionable outfits. His mother encouraged his love for fashion and art. Upon finishing his elementary studies, he gained admission at the High School of Art and Design. Matriculating from the same, he enrolled at the esteemed Fashion Institute of Technology in New York from where he graduated in 1962. Career Klein’s first step in the professional and glamorous world of fashion came on 1962 as an apprentice worker for Dan Millestein, who owned a cloak and suit house. Enthusiastic and keen, he worked hard day and night to better his own designs. Meanwhile, he designed for other New York shops as well. In 1968, he collaborated with his childhood buddy, Barry Schwartz, to establish his own company, Calvin Klein. At the time of its initiation, the company was limited to being a coat shop. Klein bagged his first order from the Bonwit Teller—a large New York City clothing store. Interestingly, the order came as a result of sheer luck. A coat buyer from Bonwit Teller mistakenly got off on the wrong floor of a hotel on which Klein’ workroom was located and wandered into the workroom. Watching him work, she made a huge order worth $50,000. His first order was a huge hit and earned him rave reviews from both the public and fashion press. The store executives were impressed with his work and encouraged him to expand his line to sportswear as well. By 1971, Calvin Klein Company had grown dramatically. The establishment traded not just in coats, but sportswear, classic blazers and lingerie in its women’s collection. Within a matter of time, the Klein Empire became huge and highly successful and include
Is it illegal to send a child a naked picture of their parent?
BeatsByDre spends millions on advertisement, that is about it. Beats is much more about image and a fashion statement than sound quality. I'm not saying Beats are terrible, just that you will get much better sound for your money with other brands.
Deep Conditioning Your Weave Before you get a sew-in, make sure to deep condition the weave. Begin by washing it in warm water. Apply a deep conditioner to the weave from roots to ends. And then place the hair inside a plastic cap or bag. After 10-20 minutes, rinse off any excess conditioner and air dry. To deep condition sewn-in weave, you again want to wash the weave and braids with warm water. If there is product build-up on the braids, use a clarifying shampoo. Apply the deep conditioner and place a plastic cap over your head with all the weave inside.
What is the best thing someone has ever done for you?
Brundidge, Alabama Brundidge is the second-largest city in Pike County, Alabama, USA. The population was 2,341 at the 2000 census. The city was once a major producer of peanut butter. Brundidge holds a Peanut Butter Festival during the last Saturday of each October, which includes live music, a recipe contest, and a parade. The city has a large number of antique stores in its historic downtown.
. Home: Rat Systematics: Rats and mice Rats and mice: what's the difference? What do the terms rat and mouse mean? Differences between Norway rats and house mice How can I tell rats and mice apart? Quiz: rat or mouse? History and evolution of the Norway rat and the house mouse Common ancestry of the Norway rat and house mouse Brief history of the house mouse Brief history of the Norway rat and black rat Are rat-mouse hybrids possible? Mouse-killing behavior in rats: muricide What do the terms rat and mouse mean? Rat and mouse are actually not scientific classifications. These words are common names for rodents that look alike to the casual eye. Rat is used to describe medium-sized rodents with long thin tails. There are many species of rodent that are called rats -- kangaroo rats, cotton rats, Norway rats, black rats, African pouched rats, naked mole rats, wood rats, pack rats, Polynesian rats, and many others. These different rodent species may not be closely related to each other at all!Mouse is used to describe tiny, sparrow-sized rodents with long thin tails. As with rats, there are many species of rodents called mice which may or may not be closely related to each other: house mice, field mice, deer mice, smoky mice, spiny mice, and dormice are all called mice. So, which rats and mice are you talking about? Generally, people are referring to the domestic or pest rats and mice, which means Norway rats ( Rattus norvegicus ), black rats ( Rattus rattus ), and house mice ( Mus musculus ). Differences between Norway rats and house mice Norway rats and house mice belong to different species. A species is a group of related individuals or populations which are potentially capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring. So Norway rats and house mice belong to different species and cannot interbreed. Humans and orangutangs, chipmunks and red squirrels, bottlenosed dolphins and killer whales, all belong to different species. Norway rats and house mice are related, however. They descend from a common ancestor that lived millions of years ago -- how long ago is currently under debate, with estimates ranging from 8 to 41 million years ago. That estimate will probably become more precise over time. The descendants of that common ancestor diverged into different species, among which are Norway rats and house mice. Norway rats and house mice now have many genetic, reproductive, developmental, morphological and anatomical differences. The list below is not exhaustive, but for those with a casual interest it should get you started:• Genetic differnces: Norway rats have 22 chromosome pairs, house mice have 20 (see Levan 1991). Norway rats have 2.75 billion base pairs while mice have 2.6 billion (humans have 2.9). About 90% of rat genes have counterparts in the mouse and human genomes (Rat Genome Sequencing Consortium 2004). See Burt et al. 1999, Grutzner et al. 1999, and Watanabe et al . 1999 for more.• Growth differences: In general, Norway rats develop more slowly than house mice. For example, Norway rat gestation is slightly longer (21-24 days) than house mouse gestation (19-20 days). Norway rats lactate for about 3 weeks, house mice for 2 weeks. Both species are born naked and blind, but Norway rats open their eyes at 6 days, they are fully furred at 15 days. House mice open their eyes at 3 days, have fur at 10 days (etc. ).• Anatomical differences: Norway rats have 6 pairs of nipples, house mice have 5 pairs.• Morphological differences: Norway rats are larger, heavier and longer than house mice (Norway rat: 350-650 grams, 9-11 inch bodies and 7-9 inch tails; house mice: 30-90 grams, 3-4 inch bodies and 3-4 inch tails). Correlated with this larger size, Norway rat body parts are larger than those of the house mouse -- rats have larger ears, feet etc. The heads of Norway rats are heavy, blunt and chunky, house mouse heads are small and sharply triangular with pointed muzzles. Note, however, that Norway rats have smaller ears relative to their heads than house mice.• Sign differences: Due to their larger body size, rat fec
Biodiversity Information A biodiversity hotspot is a biogeographic region with a significant reservoir of biodiversity that is threatened with destruction The concept of biodiversity hotspots was originated by Dr. Norman Myers. The hotspots idea was also promoted by Russell Mittermeier in the popular book “Hotspots Revisited” (2004)To qualify as a biodiversity hotspot on Myers 2000 edition of the hotspot-map, a region must meet two strict criteria: it must contain at least 0.5% or 1,500 species of vascular plants as endemics, and it has to have lost at least 70% of its primary vegetation Around the world, at least 25 areas qualify under this definition, with nine others possible candidates. These sites support nearly 60% of the world's plant, bird, mammal, reptile, and amphibian species, with a very high share of endemic species 
How many New York City blocks equals one mile? In New York City, approximately 17 to 20 street blocks equal a mile, and 5 to 10 avenue blocks equal a mile. So, one street block is 0.05 to 0.059 miles (one twentieth to one …seventeenth of a mile), and one avenue block is 0.10 to 0.20 miles (one tenth to one fifth of a mile).
Overwatch  (video game) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Overwatch Cover for the game's Origins Edition, featuring the hero character Tracer Developer (s) Blizzard Entertainment Publisher (s) Blizzard Entertainment Director (s)Jeff Kaplan Chris Metzen Aaron Keller Designer (s)Jeremy Craig Michael Elliott Scott Mercer Programmer (s)Mike Elliott John Le Fleur Artist (s)William Petras Arnold Tsang Writer (s) Michael Chu Composer (s) Derek Duke Platform (s)Microsoft Windows Play Station 4Xbox One Release May 24, 2016Genre (s) First-person shooter Mode (s) Multiplayer Overwatch is a team-based multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment, which released on May 24, 2016 for Play Station 4, Xbox One, and Windows. Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six, with each player selecting from a roster of over 20 characters, known in-game as "heroes", each with a unique style of play, whose roles are divided into four general categories: Offense, Defense, Tank, and Support. Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time. Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay, such as character skins and victory poses, as they play the game. The game was initially launched with casual play, with a competitive ranked mode, various 'arcade' game modes, and a player-customizable server browser subsequently included following its release. Additionally, Blizzard has developed and added new characters, maps, and game modes post-release, while stating that all Overwatch updates will remain free, with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards. Overwatch is Blizzard's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan. A portion of the Titan team came up with the concept of Overwatch, based on the success of team-based first-person shooters like Team Fortress 2 and the growing popularity of multiplayer online battle arenas, creating a hero-based shooter that emphasized teamwork. Some elements of Overwatch borrow assets and concepts from the canceled Titan project. After establishing the narrative of an optimistic near-future Earth setting after a global crisis, the developers aimed to create a diverse cast of heroes that spanned genders and ethnicities as part of this setting. Significant time is spent adjusting the balance of the characters, making sure that new players would still be able to have fun while skilled players would present each other with a challenge. Overwatch was unveiled at Blizz Con 2014 in a fully playable state and was in a closed beta from late 2015 through early 2016. An open beta in May 2016 drew in nearly 10 million players. The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game's narrative and each of the characters. Upon official release, Overwatch received universal acclaim from critics, who praised the game for its accessibility, diverse appeal of its hero characters, bright cartoonish art style, and enjoyable gameplay. Blizzard reported over US$1 billion in revenue during the first year of its release, and had more than 35 million players by the end of 2017. Considered one of the best games released in 2016, the game received numerous accolades, including being awarded Game of the Year at The Game Awards 2016, D. I. C. E. Awards, and Game Developers Choice Awards, as well as from numerous publications. Since its release, Overwatch has become recognized as an e Sport, with Blizzard helping to fund and produce professional leagues, such as the Overwatch League. Contents [ hide ]1 Gameplay1.1 Roles1.2 Map types1.3 Game modes2 Plot3 Development4 Marketing4.1 Related media and merchandise5 Professional competition5.1 Overwatch APEX Tournament5.2 Overwatch League6 Reception6.1 Sales6.2 Controversies6.3 Accolades7 Legacy8 References9 External links Gameplay Overwatch features squad
Mary Jo Keenen Mary Jo Keenen is an American television actress. She had regular roles as Nurse Julie Milbury on the "Empty Nest" spin-off "Nurses", Gloria Elgis on "City" with Valerie Harper, and Stepanie James on "My Wildest Dreams". In addition she guest starred on series including "Search for Tomorrow", "Broken Badges", "The Commish", "The John Larroquette Show", and "Seinfeld". Her most recent TV role was on "Everybody Loves Raymond" in 1999.
Dylan Thomas Dylan Thomas Dylan Marlais Thomas (27 October 1914 – 9 November 1953) was a Welsh poet and writer whose works include the poems "Do not go gentle into that good night" and "And death shall have no dominion"; the 'play for voices' "Under Milk Wood"; and stories and radio broadcasts such as "A Child's Christmas in Wales" and "Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog". He became widely popular in his lifetime and remained so after his premature death at the age of 39 in New York City. By then he had acquired a reputation, which he had encouraged,
Why is my refund not showing up?
assure Thesaurusassureverb Synonyms and Antonyms of assure1 to ease the grief or distress offriends trying to choose just the right words to assure the grieving parents Synonyms of assurecheer, comfort, console, reassure, solace, soothe Words Related to assurecommiserate, condole, empathize, sympathizeboost, buoy (up), elevate, lift, upliftallay, alleviate, assuage, relievecalm, quiet, relax, tranquilize ( also tranquillize)Near Antonyms of assuredemoralize, discourage, disheartenfret, upset, worryaggravate, intensify, worsenannoy, irk, irritateharass, pester Antonyms of assuredistress, torment, torture, trouble2 to make sure, certain, or safesecurity measures that assured our safety Synonyms of assurecinch, ensure, guarantee, guaranty, ice, insure, secure Words Related to assureattest, certify, vouch, warrant, witnesspledge, promise, swear Near Antonyms of assureenfeeble, undermine, weaken Synonym Discussion of assureensure, insure, assure, secure mean to make a thing or person sure. ensure, insure, and assure are interchangeable in many contexts where they indicate the making certain or inevitable of an outcome, but ensure may imply a virtual guarantee⟨ the government has ensured the safety of the refugees ⟩, while insure sometimes stresses the taking of necessary measures beforehand⟨ careful planning should insure the success of the party ⟩, and assure distinctively implies the removal of doubt and suspense from a person's mind.⟨ I assure you that no harm will be done ⟩secure implies action taken to guard against attack or loss.⟨ sent reinforcements to secure their position ⟩Learn More about assure See words that rhyme with assure Dictionary: Definition of assure Spanish Central: Translation of assure Nglish: Translation of assure for Spanish speakers Britannica English: Translation of assure for Arabic speakers Seen and Heard What made you want to look up assure? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).show 
Is Digital india mission going in right direction ?
The buyer discloses the financing arrangements to the seller because it makes his offer more attractive. When a seller receives and accepts an offer, the deal does not usually close until 30 to 60 days later.  If the buyer cannot come up with the money by closing, the deal falls apart.  This is a risk for the seller. When a seller is considering whether or not to accept an offer, it is helpful to know the likelihood that the buyer can actually obtain the amount of cash in the offer by the closing date.  If the buyer can't acquire the funding, the offer isn't worth the paper it is printed on. The amount of the down payment vs. the amount of financing is also relevant to the seller.  Let me give you a real-world example that happened to me once when I was selling a house.  The buyer was doing a no-money-down mortgage and had no money for a down payment.  He was even borrowing the closing costs.  We accepted the offer, but when the bank did the appraisal, it was short of the purchase price.  For most home sales, this would not be a problem, as long as the appraisal was more than the amount borrowed.  But in this case, because the amount borrowed was more than the appraisal, the bank had a problem.  The deal was at risk, and in order to continue either the buyer had to find some money somewhere (which he couldn't), or we had to lower the price to save the deal.  Certainly, accepting the offer from a buyer with no cash to bring to the table was a risk. (In our case, we got lucky. We found some errors that were made in the appraisal, and got it redone.)
The Ottomans abolished the feudal system previously in place and applied the millet system to Cyprus, under which non-Muslim peoples were governed by their own religious authorities. In a reversal from the days of Latin rule, the head of the Church of Cyprus was invested as leader of the Greek Cypriot population and acted as mediator between Christian Greek Cypriots and the Ottoman authorities. This status ensured that the Church of Cyprus was in a position to end the constant encroachments of the Roman Catholic Church. Ottoman rule of Cyprus was at times indifferent, at times oppressive, depending on the temperaments of the sultans and local officials, and the island began over 250 years of economic decline.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
The levels of scrutiny establish that, when a law discriminates against certain protected groups, it should be looked at more closely. For instance, if a law treats black and white people differently, the government must show to an *extremely* high standard that the law is necessary. If a law treats adults and minors differently, the most handwavy explanation will usually be enough. Homosexuality has traditionally been in the "not a big deal" category; courts haven't tended to apply additional scrutiny to a law simply because it discriminates against LGBT people. If SCOTUS decides to hear those cases, some people expect them to impose a higher standard.
2015 ICC World Cricket League Division Two The 2015 ICC World Cricket League Division Two was a cricket divisional tournament organised by the International Cricket Council. It formed part of the ICC World Cricket League and a qualification pathway for the ICC World Cup 2019.
The Paleozoic spanned from roughly 541 to 252 million years ago (Ma) and is subdivided into six geologic periods; from oldest to youngest they are the Cambrian, Ordovician, Silurian, Devonian, Carboniferous and Permian. Geologically, the Paleozoic starts shortly after the breakup of a supercontinent called Pannotia and at the end of a global ice age. Throughout the early Paleozoic, the Earth's landmass was broken up into a substantial number of relatively small continents. Toward the end of the era the continents gathered together into a supercontinent called Pangaea, which included most of the Earth's land area.
Lis Pendens Notice A Lis Pendens is a type of written notice indicating that a lawsuit has been filed concerning a particular piece of real estate. Lis Pendens may be filed for lawsuits that involve “real estate claims,” such as a dispute over the title or enforcement of a lien.
Just like veal, the cattle are kept fairly sedentary, so their muscles never really develop. They are fed a fairly high fat diet, and the strain of cattle have a lot of intramuscular fat, aka well marbled. If you looked at a picture of Kobe beef _URL_0_ And compare it to prime in the US _URL_1_ They are similar in fat levels, Kobe tends to have a bit more. But you probably rarely eat prime. You mostly eat select or choice, which is mostly why you thought Kobe was amazing. Atmosphere and expectations also added to why you felt it was amazing. Kobe is marketed as the best, so that biases your experience.
This comment is not toxic.
Untitled Han Solo film An upcoming untitled American space Western film centered on Han Solo, a character from the "Star Wars" franchise, is in production and being produced by Lucasfilm from a screenplay by Lawrence and Jon Kasdan and will be distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film will be the second "Star Wars Anthology" film, following the 2016 film "Rogue One". It is a standalone installment, set prior to the events of the original 1977 film, following a young Han Solo. The film stars Alden Ehrenreich as Solo, alongside Woody Harrelson, Emilia Clarke, Donald Glover, Thandie Newton, Phoebe Waller-Bridge and Joonas Suotamo. The film takes place in the universe of "Star Wars" and explores the adventures of Han Solo and Chewbacca, including meeting Lando Calrissian.
Lactic acid technically isn't metabolized by the body, but when in the body the acid loses a proton and becomes lactate, its conjugate base. Then the lactate is carried in blood to the liver, where it is converted by enzymes into pyruvate, which in turn is converted into glucose, then dumped back into the blood to be used by other cells. This process is called Gluconeogenesis, and keeps your blood glucose levels normal, even during intense exercise!
What The Way You Dress Reveals About You As A Person
- The world's most venomous spiders are the Brazilian wandering spiders of the genus Phoneutria, and particularly the Brazilian huntsman Phoneutria fera, which has the most active neurotoxic venom of any living spider. Its venom is so potent that only 0.006 mg (0.00000021 oz) is sufficient to kill a mouse.
Hare and Tomasello cover this interesting topic in [Human like social skills in dogs?](_URL_2_) its definitely worth a read.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Supercharger Our electric supercharger is designed for enthusiasts looking for additional power but are not ready to buy an expensive turbo kit or supercharger kit which can void their vehicles warranty, cost upwards of $5000 and require additional maintenance. These things you do not need to worry about with our charger system.
How can I install a tower in my plot?
Some do! Check out [this article](_URL_0_). This mentions parrots and elephants specifically, but sea lions and bonobos have also been found to keep a beat. There may be other examples.
How remove prompt messages on nexus 4 root? Is it possible to make warning messages not appear? Example, when I try to turn off 'Cellular data' in data usage, I get the stupid question "turn off..?" 

Is it possible to force the phone to do as you tell it without it playing smart asking you before executing?
Andrea Zambelli Andrea Zambelli (April 24, 1927 – October 22, 1994) was an Italian bobsledder who competed in the mid-1950s. He won a gold medal in the two-man event at the 1954 FIBT World Championships in Cortina d'Ampezzo.
Characterization on projective submanifolds of codimensions 2 and 3
What Kind of History Should We Teach? What Kind of History Should We Teach? About two years ago I moved from Madison to Austin because I was convinced that the flagship university in Texas was building the best group of scholars and students in my field of study: international history, foreign policy, and leadership.
Veterans Day is set for November 11th because that's the date that pretty much all countries have for it. It's the anniversary of the end of the First World War -- it's not an arbitrary date.
- Vicious returns for an hour-long special series finale, charting a year in the life of our beloved characters. Freddie (Ian McKellen) and Stuart (Derek Jacobi) are back, joined as ever by Violet (Frances de la Tour), Ash (Iwan Rheon), Penelope (Marcia Warren) and Mason (Philip Voss).
Fortress of Solitude "Columbia", and a baby Sun-Eater, as well as larger-than-life memorabilia, similar to the objects found in the Batcave. It has various scientific facilities as well, including a time telescope that can receive brief cryptic messages with reception of limited quality from the future. In "" graphic novel series, the Fortress of Solitude was built by Superman's Krytonian ship's AI, using the Arctic's cave system. The Fortress has several appearances in the "Super Friends" animated series. The "Superfriends" version of the Fortress of Solitude is said to be located ""in a deserted region of the frozen Arctic"". In the episode "Terror
How Viruses Work In the lysogenic cycle, the virus reproduces by first injecting its genetic material, indicated by the red line, into the host cell's genetic instructions.nce inside the host cell, some viruses, such as herpes and HIV, do not reproduce right away. Instead, they mix their genetic instructions into the host cell's genetic instructions.
Alzheimer's disease to dementia are often treated with antipsychotics, but this is not usually recommended, as there is little benefit with an increased risk of early death. In 2015, there were approximately 29.8 million people worldwide with AD. It most often begins in people over 65 years of age, although 4% to 5% of cases are early-onset Alzheimer's which begin before this. It affects about 6% of people 65 years and older. In 2015, dementia resulted in about 1.9 million deaths. It was first described by, and later named after, German psychiatrist and pathologist Alois Alzheimer in 1906. In developed countries, AD
- Wearing one's heart on your sleeve is not something that you want to do. This idiom means that a person is overly sensitive and easily hurt by minuscule things. Or, it means that the person has no control of emotions and shows or acts on his/her feelings too readily.
This was answered about a month ago. The answer is no, because the partial pressure of CO2 in Earth's atmosphere is too low. The sublimation rate is faster than the condensation rate. _URL_0_
On April 8, 2005, a partnership led by Comcast and Sony Pictures Entertainment finalized a deal to acquire MGM and its affiliate studio, United Artists, and create an additional outlet to carry MGM/UA's material for cable and Internet distribution. On October 31, 2005, Comcast officially announced that it had acquired Susquehanna Communications a South Central Pennsylvania, -based cable television and broadband services provider and unit of the former Susquehanna Pfaltzgraff company, for $775 million cash. In this deal Comcast acquired approximately 230,000 basic cable customers, 71,000 digital cable customers, and 86,000 high-speed Internet customers. Comcast previously owned approximately 30 percent of Susquehanna Communications through affiliate company Lenfest. In December 2005, Comcast announced the creation of Comcast Interactive Media, a new division focused on online media.
Started out as a meme originally, a parody that was saying ponies were cool. Almost immediately someone on 4chan made an argument that my little pony was actually well made. Good plot, diverse and unique characters, good design. People started to hop on the brony train ever since.
Body Weight Workouts Here’s a good exercise. You just hold this pose for a long time. It works your whole freakin body. Start out lying on your stomach. Then prop yourself up on your toes and forearms, with your arms facing in front of you, and your hands together. Keep your body in a straight line. If your stomach slips toward the floor, you’re too tired or weak. Hold this for 30 or 60 seconds, or maybe 5 minutes if you’re good. Then do a couple more reps! P. S. That’s my shirt hanging down to the floor, not my gut! Advertisements Report this ad Report this ad Rate this:1 Vote Like One blogger likes this. Related Supermans In "abdominal workout"Transverse Plank In "abdominal workout"Finding the exercises In "core exercise" 
Great Rift (astronomy) In astronomy, the Great Rift (sometimes called the Dark Rift, or, less commonly, Dark River) is a series of overlapping, non-luminous, molecular dust clouds that are located between the Solar System and the Sagittarius Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy at a distance of about 100 parsecs or about 300 light years (2×10 15 miles or 3×10 15 kilometers) from Earth.
La différence entre « sous peine de + infinitif » et « quitte à + infinitif »
Patrick Ewing From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Patrick Ewing Georgetown Hoyas Position Head coach League Big East Conference Personal information Born August 5, 1962 (age 55)Kingston, Jamaica Nationality Jamaican / American Listed height 7 ft 0 in (2.13 m)Listed weight 255 lb (116 kg)Career information High school Cambridge Rindge and Latin ( Cambridge, Massachusetts)College Georgetown (1981–1985)NBA draft 1985 / Round: 1 / Pick: 1st overall Selected by the New York Knicks Playing career 1985–2002Position Center Number 33, 6Coaching career 2002–present Career history As player:1985 – 2000 New York Knicks2000–2001 Seattle Super Sonics2001–2002 Orlando Magic As coach:2002–2003 Washington Wizards (assistant)2003 – 2006 Houston Rockets (assistant)2007 – 2012 Orlando Magic (assistant)2013 – 2017 Charlotte Bobcats / Hornets (assistant)2017–present Georgetown Career highlights and awards11× NBA All-Star ( 1986, 1988 – 1997)All-NBA First Team ( 1990)6× All-NBA Second Team ( 1988, 1989, 1991 – 1993, 1997)3× NBA All-Defensive Second Team (1988, 1989, 1992)NBA Rookie of the Year ( 1986)No. 33 retired by the New York Knicks NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time Team NCAA champion ( 1984)NCAA Final Four Most Outstanding Player (1984)National College Player of the Year (1985)3× Consensus first-team All-American ( 1983 – 1985)2× Big East Player of the Year (1984, 1985)Career NBA statistics Points 24,815 (21.0 ppg)Rebounds 11,617 (9.8 rpg)Blocks 2,894 (2.4 bpg)Stats at Basketball-Reference.com Basketball Hall of Fame as player College Basketball Hall of Fame Inducted in 2012Medals [hide]Men's basketball Representing United States Olympic Games1984 Los Angeles Team competition1992 Barcelona Team competition Americas Championship1992 Portland Patrick Aloysius Ewing Sr. (born August 5, 1962) is a Jamaican-American retired Hall of Fame basketball player and current head coach of Georgetown University. [1]. He played most of his career with the NBA 's New York Knicks as their starting center and played briefly with the Seattle Super Sonics and Orlando Magic. Ewing played center for Georgetown for four years—where he played in the NCAA Championship Game three times—and was named as the 16th greatest college player of all time by ESPN. [2] He had a eighteen year NBA career, predominantly playing for the New York Knicks, where he was an eleven time all-star and named to seven all-NBA teams. The Knicks appeared in the NBA Finals twice (1994 & 1999) during his tenure. He won Olympic gold medals as a member of the 1984 and 1992 United States men's Olympic basketball teams. [3] In a 1996 poll celebrating the 50th anniversary of the NBA, Ewing was selected as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History. [4] He is a two-time inductee into the Basketball Hall of Fame in Springfield, Massachusetts (in 2008 for his individual career, and in 2010 as a member of the 1992 Olympic team). [5] Additionally he was inducted into the U. S. Olympic Hall of Fame as a member of the "Dream Team" in 2009. His number 33 was retired by the Knicks in 2003. [6]Contents [ hide ]1 Biography1.1 Early life1.2 College career1.3 NBA career1.3.1 New York Knicks1.3.2 After the Knicks2 Awards and honors3 NBA career statistics3.1 Regular season3.2 Playoffs3.3 Career highs4 Coaching career5 Head coaching record6 Other work7 Endorsements8 Personal life9 See also10 References11 External links Biography [ edit]Early life [ edit]Patrick Ewing was born August 5, 1962 in Kingston, Jamaica. As a child he excelled at cricket and soccer. In 1975, 12-year-old Ewing moved to the United States and joined his family in Cambridge, Massachusetts. [7]He learned to play basketball at Cambridge Rindge and Latin School with the help of John Fountain. With only a few years of playing experience, Ewing developed into one of best high school players in the country, and among the most intimidating forces ever seen at the level given his size and athleticism. Due to his stature and the team's dominance, Ewing was subject to playing in front hostile away crowds and racially fueled taunts 
If we assume the 9th planet does exist, the answer becomes that we weren't looking for Ultima Thule when we found it. We just pointed the Hubble Telescope into the Kuiper belt and sent a probe to the first interesting thing we saw. When it comes to the search for a missing 9th planet, we are looking for something very specific that could be almost anywhere in the sky, and while it would be much larger than Ultima Thule, both of them are impossibly small compared to the search area.
- exists and is an alternate of . The A-Team movie was an action movie that came out in 2010. It started Liam Neeson, Bradley Cooper, Sharlto Copley, Quinton Jackson, and Jessica Biel.
Scandinavian Names For the most part, family names are used in all of the Scandinavian countries except Iceland, which uses patronyms derived from the father's given name and the suffixes-son meaning son and-dottir dóttir meaning. daughter
When an apple is cut (or bruised), oxygen is introduced into the injured plant tissue. When oxygen is present in cells, polyphenol oxidase (PPO) enzymes in the chloroplasts rapidly oxidize phenolic compounds naturally present in the apple tissues to o-quinones, colorless precursors to brown-colored secondary products.
10 Difference between One piece Toilets Vs Two piece Toilets Normally the weight of a single piece toilet is around 40 Kgs(88 Pounds). A two piece toilet weight is around 25Kgs (55 Pounds). so with solid mass the winner is one piece toilet when comparing weight.
- San Juan Capistrano (/sæn ˌwɑːn kæpᵻˈstrɑːnoʊ/; Spanish: [saŋ ˈxwaŋ kapisˈtɾano]) is a city in Orange County, California, United States. The population was 34,593 at the 2010 census, up from 33,826 at the 2000 census.
How Juries are Selected A juror may be excused from the panel if it is shown that the juror cannot act impartially concerning the case to be heard. In addition, each side is allowed to remove a given number of jurors from the panel without having to show any reason. The trial jury will be the first 6 to 12 of the remaining jurors on the panel. If you are not chosen for a jury, you will be sent home. If you have been chosen to serve on a jury, you will now see our justice system in action. Visit The Trial Process and Tips for Reporting and Serving for more information.
- Guadalcanal (indigenous name: Isatabu) is the principal island in Guadalcanal Province of the nation of Solomon Islands in the south-western Pacific, northeast of Australia.uropean settlers and missionaries began to arrive in the 18th and 19th centuries, and in the year 1893, the British Solomon Islands Protectorate was proclaimed which included the island of Guadalcanal.
The Tigris River of Ancient Mesopotamia The Tigris is one of the two main rivers of Mesopotamia (modern Iraq). The Tigris is the river to the east (towards Persia [modern Iran]); the Euphrates, to the west. The Tigris runs from Lake Hazar, in the Taurus Mountains, in Turkey, joins the Euphrates, and flows into the Persian Gulf. The Encyclopedia Britannica says the Tigris is 1,180 miles (1,900 km) in length.
What is the Average Cost of a Brake Fluid Flush Service? The brake fluid flush cost for an average job ranges somewhere between about $89 to more than $130, depending on the type of car and where you take it to get it done.A brake flush procedure is pretty much what it sounds like. Your brake lines are flushed out and new brake fluid is put in.Most mechanics suggest that car and truck owners do a brake fluid flush about every 30,000 miles.It is important to do this so that the brake lines stay clean and help to prevent corrosion and rust that can ruin the brake lines and therefore, cause you to have an accident.ost mechanics suggest that car and truck owners do a brake fluid flush about every 30,000 miles. It is important to do this so that the brake lines stay clean and help to prevent corrosion and rust that can ruin the brake lines and therefore, cause you to have an accident.
It would have been very important, as the war had pretty huge ramifications for European textiles, which was one of the largest industries at the time. _URL_1_ William Ewart Gladstone and other British politicians gave major speeches to British crowds about the war (most notably the speech in which he declared that the confederacy had "made a nation.") The increased price in cotton led countries like Egypt to massively invest in cotton production. The subsequent drop in cotton prices when the south recovered, and the resulting failure of Egypt to meet its debts, was a direct cause of the British occupation of Egypt two decades later. As far as European shipping goes, the Trent Affair was a major international incident, and the post-war "Alabama Claims" cost the British a huge sum of money in war in reparations. France also followed the war as Napoleon III favored the confederacy, newspapers got in on the debate as well: _URL_0_ So yes, they followed the news closely.
Ignore the call.
Roy Orbison discography the supergroup Traveling Wilburys with George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, Bob Dylan and Tom Petty. Lynne produced Orbison's final album "Mystery Girl", which was released posthumously in February 1989. This discography shows main official U.S. and U.K. releases. According to Riesco's official Orbison discography, there were numerous international single and album releases of importance (not released in the U.S. or U.K.) like the German "San Fernando" b/w "Mama" (London DL 20 726). There are hundreds of compilations and greatest hits of Roy Orbison released internationally. Below is a selection of all the compilation albums which have achieved global chart peaks. For
Reporter mistakes Tumenov for Lawler at UFC 195 Post Fight Presser. "You cover this sport?"
They aren't accurate. They're easy to beat, they're actually a waste of time. Many states will not use then as sufficient evidence in court because they are bullshit. Read up on then. All it does is takes your breathing, heart rate, and small fidgety movements and then some guy will read through it and compare it to the questions asked. It can provide false positives as well as lying.
What does Jordan mean? What does Jordan mean? J ordan [ jo r- dan] as a boys' name (also used less widely as girls' name Jordan) is pronounced JOR-dan. It is of Hebrew origin, and the meaning of Jordan is "down-flowing". Name of the major river in Palestine, used as a given name since the Crusades. The short form Jordi is also a Catalan variant of George. The name is influenced by the fame of basketball celebrity Michael Jordan and Nike's line of Air Jordan athletic shoes. ASSOCIATED WITH river, crusades (war), fame Variations VARIANTS Giordano, Jared ▼, Jarred ▼, Jarod ▼, Jarrod ▼, Jarrot, Jarrott, Jerad ▼, Jerred, Jerrod ▼, Jerrot, Jerrott, Jordaan, Jordain, Jordao, Jordell, Jorden, Jordi, Jordon ▼, Jordy ▲, Jordyn, Jori, Jory, Jourdain, Jourdaine, Jourdan, Jud, Judd RELATIONS VIA GEORGE Goran, Joran, Jorck, Jorg, Jorgan, Jorge, Jorgen, Joris, Jorn, Jurgen, Jurian, Orjan FEMININE FORMS Giordana, Jardina, Yordan CREATIVE FORMS (male) (female)MIDDLE NAME PAIRINGS Jordan Amias (J. A. ), .. How popular is Jordan? Jordan is a very prominent first name for males (#262 out of 1220, Top 21%) and also a very prominent last name for all people (#105 out of 150436, Top 1%). (2000 U. S. DEMOGRAPHICS) 
West Hollywood, California West Hollywood , occasionally referred to locally as WeHo ( -LSB- ˈwiːhoʊ -RSB- ) , is a city in Los Angeles County , California , United States . Incorporated in 1984 , it is home to the Sunset Strip . As of the 2010 census , its population was 34,399 . It is considered one of the most prominent gay villages in the United States .
Ativan Ativan (lorazepam) belongs to a group of drugs called benzodiazepines. Lorazepam affects chemicals in the brain that may be unbalanced in people with anxiety. Ativan is used to treat anxiety disorders. Ativan may also be used for purposes not listed in this medication guide.
Zinc carbonate 364 pages on this wiki. Zinc carbonate is a white, insoluble, zinc salt with chemical formula Zn CO3. With it, most simple zinc salts can be made by reaction with the corresponding proportions of sulfate. Zinc carbonate occurs in nature as the mineral Smithsonite aka zinc spar.
Treaty Clause Treaty Clause From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is part of a series on the Constitution of the United States of America Preamble and Articles of the Constitution Preamble I II III IV V VI VIIAmendments to the Constitution Bill of Rights I II III IV V VI VII VIII IX XXI XII XIII XIV XV XVI XVII XVIII XIX XXXXI XXII XXIII XXIV XXV XXVI XXVIIUnratified Amendments Congressional Apportionment Titles of Nobility Corwin Child Labor Equal Rights D. C. Voting Rights History Drafting and ratification timeline Convention Signing Federalism Republicanism Full text of the Constitution and Amendments Preamble and Articles I–VII Amendments I–XAmendments XI–XXVIIUnratified Amendments United States portal U. S. Government portal Law portal Wikipedia bookv t e The Treaty Clause is part of Article II, Section 2, Clause 2, of the United States Constitution, that empowers the President of the United States to propose and chiefly negotiate agreements between the United States and other countries, which, upon receiving the advice and consent of a two-thirds supermajority vote of the United States Senate, become treaties under international law. Contents [ hide ]1 Text2 One of three types of international accord3 Repeal4 Scope of presidential powers5 See also6 Further reading7 References8 External links Text [ edit] [The President] shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur... One of three types of international accord [ edit]The body of law governing U. S. foreign policy recognizes three mechanisms by which the United States enters into binding international obligations. The term "treaty" is used in a more restricted legal sense than in international law. U. S. law distinguishes what it calls treaties from congressional-executive agreements and executive agreements. [1] All three classes are considered treaties under international law; they are distinct only from the perspective of internal United States law. Distinctions among the three concern their method of ratification: by two-thirds of the Senate, by normal legislative process, or by the President alone, respectively. The Treaty Clause empowers the President to make or enter into treaties with the "advice and consent" of two-thirds of the Senate. In contrast, normal legislation becomes law after approval by simple majorities in both the Senate and the House of Representatives and the signature of the President. Throughout American history, presidents have also made international agreements through congressional-executive agreements, that are ratified with only a majority from both houses of Congress, or executive agreements, made by the President—in the exercise of his Constitutional executive powers —alone. [1] Though the Constitution does not expressly provide for any alternative to the Article II treaty procedure, Article I, Section 10 of the Constitution does distinguish between treaties (which states are forbidden to make) and agreements (which states may make with the consent of Congress). [2] The Supreme Court has considered congressional-executive and executive agreements to be valid, and they have been common throughout American history. Thomas Jefferson explained that the Article II treaty procedure is not necessary when there is no long-term commitment: It is desirable, in many instances, to exchange mutual advantages by Legislative Acts rather than by treaty: because the former, though understood to be in consideration of each other, and therefore greatly respected, yet when they become too inconvenient, can be dropped at the will of either party: whereas stipulations by treaty are forever irrevocable but by joint consent.... [3]A further distinction embodied in U. S. law is between self-executing treaties, which do not require additional legislative action, and non-self-executing treaties which do require the enactment of new laws. [1] [4] These various distinctions of procedure and terminology do not affect the binding status of accor
Potassium From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Potassium, 19 KPotassium pearls (in paraffin oil, ~5 mm each)General properties Pronunciation / p ə ˈ t æ s i ə m / ( pə- TASS -ee-əm)Appearance silvery gray Standard atomic weight ( A r, standard)39.0983 (1) [1]Potassium in the periodic table Hydrogen Helium Lithium Beryllium Boron Carbon Nitrogen Oxygen Fluorine Neon Sodium Magnesium Aluminium Silicon Phosphorus Sulfur Chlorine Argon Potassium Calcium Scandium Titanium Vanadium Chromium Manganese Iron Cobalt Nickel Copper Zinc Gallium Germanium Arsenic Selenium Bromine Krypton Rubidium Strontium Yttrium Zirconium Niobium Molybdenum Technetium Ruthenium Rhodium Palladium Silver Cadmium Indium Tin Antimony Tellurium Iodine Xenon Caesium Barium Lanthanum Cerium Praseodymium Neodymium Promethium Samarium Europium Gadolinium Terbium Dysprosium Holmium Erbium Thulium Ytterbium Lutetium Hafnium Tantalum Tungsten Rhenium Osmium Iridium Platinum Gold Mercury (element) Thallium Lead Bismuth Polonium Astatine Radon Francium Radium Actinium Thorium Protactinium Uranium Neptunium Plutonium Americium Curium Berkelium Californium Einsteinium Fermium Mendelevium Nobelium Lawrencium Rutherfordium Dubnium Seaborgium Bohrium Hassium Meitnerium Darmstadtium Roentgenium Copernicium Nihonium Flerovium Moscovium Livermorium Tennessine Oganesson Na ↑ K ↓ Rbargon ← potassium → calcium Atomic number ( Z) 19Group group 1 (alkali metals)Period period 4Element category alkali metal Block s-block Electron configuration [ Ar] 4s 1Electrons per shell 2, 8, 8, 1Physical properties Phase at STP solid Melting point 336.7 K (63.5 °C, 146.3 °F)Boiling point 1032 K (759 °C, 1398 °F)Density (near r.t.) 0.862 g/cm 3when liquid (at m.p.) 0.828 g/cm 3Critical point 2223 K, 16 MPa [2]Heat of fusion 2.33 k J/mol Heat of vaporization 76.9 k J/mol Molar heat capacity 29.6 J/ (mol·K)Atomic properties Oxidation states +1, −1 (a strongly basic oxide)Electronegativity Pauling scale: 0.82Ionization energies1st: 418.8 k J/mol2nd: 3052 k J/mol3rd: 4420 k J/mol ( more)Atomic radius empirical: 227 pm Covalent radius 203±12 pm Van der Waals radius 275 pm Spectral lines Miscellanea Crystal structure body-centered cubic (bcc)Speed of sound thin rod 2000 m/s (at 20 °C)Thermal expansion 83.3 µm/ (m·K) (at 25 °C)Thermal conductivity 102.5 W/ (m·K)Electrical resistivity 72 nΩ·m (at 20 °C)Magnetic ordering paramagnetic [3]Magnetic susceptibility +20.8·10 −6 cm 3 /mol (298 K) [4]Young's modulus 3.53 GPa Shear modulus 1.3 GPa Bulk modulus 3.1 GPa Mohs hardness 0.4Brinell hardness 0.363 MPa CAS Number 7440-09-7History Discovery and first isolation Humphry Davy (1807)Main isotopes of potassium Isotope Abundance Half-life ( t 1/2)Decay mode Product39 K 93.258% stable40K0.012% 1.248×10 9 y β − 40Caε 40Arβ + 40 Ar41 K 6.730% stableview talk edit| references | in Wikidata Potassium is a chemical element with symbol K (from Neo-Latin kalium) and atomic number 19. It was first isolated from potash, the ashes of plants, from which its name derives. In the periodic table, potassium is one of the alkali metals. All of the alkali metals have a single valence electron in the outer electron shell, which is easily removed to create an ion with a positive charge – a cation, which combines with anions to form salts. Potassium in nature occurs only in ionic salts. Elemental potassium is a soft silvery-white alkali metal that oxidizes rapidly in air and reacts vigorously with water, generating sufficient heat to ignite hydrogen emitted in the reaction and burning with a lilac- colored flame. It is found dissolved in sea water (which is 0.04% potassium by weight [5] [6] ), and is part of many minerals. Potassium is chemically very similar to sodium, the previous element in group 1 of the periodic table. They have a similar first ionization energy, which allows for each atom to give up its sole outer electron. That they are different elements that combine with the same anions to make similar salts was suspected in 1702, [7] and was proven in 1807 using electrolysis. Naturally occurring pot
Tobacco is a good example. While it was a common item with pre-Columbian Native Americans, its popularity exploded after it was brought back to Europe. There, it seemed everybody was smoking it all the time. Of course, Europeans then could only speculate about tobacco's effects as only modern science would prove its terrible effects on the teeth, gums, and lungs, but some early anti-tobacco efforts did materialize, such as King James's 1604 "Counterblaste to Tobacco" (_URL_0_).  Another example is that of syphilis. There is good evidence that syphilis did not exist in Europe until Columbus's crew imported it in 1493. While it was contested that syphilis existed in Europe pre-Columbus, a new 2011 meta-analysis from Emory University demonstrated that the pre-Columbian cases were not actually *bona fide* syphilis, and that the verifiable outbreaks were all post-Columbian (_URL_1_).
- To get the most up-to-date information about Healthplex’s network providers in your area, you can visit. independenthealth.com/medicare or call Healthplex at 1-800-468-9868, September – June: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 6 p.m.; and July – August: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 4 p.m. TTY users should call 1-800-662-1220.
6 Steps of the Scientific Method Science, Tech, Math ›Science6 Steps of the Scientific Method Scientific Method Steps Share Flipboard Email Print The Scientific Method. llustration by Hugo Lin. © 2018 Thought Co.by Anne Marie Helmenstine, Ph. D. Updated April 06, 2018The scientific method is a systematic way of learning about the world around us and answering questions. The number of steps varies from one description to another, mainly when data and analysis are separated into separate step, but this is a fairly standard list of six scientific method steps, which you are expected to know for any science class: Purpose/Question Ask a question. Research Conduct background research. Write down your sources so you can cite your references. Hypothesis Propose a hypothesis. This is a sort of educated guess about what you expect. (see examples)Experiment Design and perform an experiment to test your hypothesis. An experiment has an independent and dependent variable. You change or control the independent variable and record the effect it has on the dependent variable. Data/Analysis Record observations and analyze what the data means. Often, you'll prepare a table or graph of the data. Conclusion Conclude whether to accept or reject your hypothesis. Communicate your results.cite 
Clonazepam Clonazepam, sold under the brand name Klonopin among others, is a medication used to prevent and treat seizures, panic disorder, and for the movement disorder known as akathisia. It is a tranquilizer known as a benzodiazepine.lonazepam, like other benzodiazepines, while being a first-line treatment for acute seizures, is not suitable for the long-term treatment of seizures due to the development of tolerance to the anti-convulsant effects.
The answer to this question can vary greatly depending of the storage technology in question, but most modern computers still store information on hard drives. Solid state drives will probably become the norm fairly soon. But, as of today, hard drives are still king (for this reason, I'm answering this in the context of hard drives). Inside the hard drive, there is a hard, spinning disk and a head (on a pivoting arm) that comes really close to the surface of this disk. When a particular bit of data needs to be written, the head changes the magnetic alignment of the area of the disk that represents the bit. When a bit needs to be read, the head reads this magnetic alignment. This answer is simplified (in reality, there are multiple disks, multiple heads, etc.), but describes the basic principal behind it. Is this the sort of answer you were looking for?
- Melbourne's top temperatures are usually in January and February, when it is mostly dry and hot with averages ranging from 15 - 26°C. The annual average rainfall for Melbourne is around 600mm. June and July are the coldest months, and October is the wettest.A good tip is to be prepared for any weather-take an umbrella and wear layers that can be worn as needed. Melbourne play host to a number of Australia's major events throughout the year.n Winter daily average temperatures can drop to 7°C with an average high of 14°C. It is a good time for indoor activities and to explore Melbourne's many art galleries and performance venues. Catch a performance at the Melbourne Arts Centre at Southbank.
It doesn't because it can't. Anyone who claims otherwise probably also spends $1000 on speaker wire.
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
Be[f]ore getting dressed... (3 inside) 





It seems GW prefers thin or "TPS" (thin pretty sexy) girls...
well sorry, but I'm a chubbier girl, so yeah...
I hope you like =) we shall see...
The authors of the study also examined 77 college textbooks in biology and 69 in physical anthropology published between 1932 and 1989. Physical anthropology texts argued that biological races exist until the 1970s, when they began to argue that races do not exist. In contrast, biology textbooks did not undergo such a reversal but many instead dropped their discussion of race altogether. The authors attributed this to biologists trying to avoid discussing the political implications of racial classifications, instead of discussing them, and to the ongoing discussions in biology about the validity of the concept "subspecies". The authors also noted that some widely used textbooks in biology such as Douglas J. Futuyama's 1986 "Evolutionary Biology" had abandoned the race concept, "The concept of race, masking the overwhelming genetic similarity of all peoples and the mosaic patterns of variation that do not correspond to racial divisions, is not only socially dysfunctional but is biologically indefensible as well (pp. 5 18-5 19)." (Lieberman et al. 1992, pp. 316–17)
- Medical Definition of Sequester. Sequester: 1. In medicine, to set apart, detach or separate a small portion of tissue from the rest. May be naturally occurring or iatrogenic. 2. In bone, for a piece of dead bone to separate from the sound bone. 3. In biochemistry, to isolate a constituent of a system by chelation or other means.
Joaquin Phoenix Joaquín Rafael Phoenix ( -LSB- ˌhwɑːˈkiːn -RSB- born Joaquín Rafael Bottom ; October 28 , 1974 ) , known formerly as Leaf Phoenix , is a Puerto Rican -- born American actor , producer , music video director , musician and activist . For his work as an artist , Phoenix has received a Grammy Award , a Golden Globe Award and three Academy Award nominations .   Phoenix started acting in television shows with his brother River Phoenix and sister Summer Phoenix . His first major film release was in the comedy-drama film Parenthood ( 1989 ) . During his period as a child actor he was credited as Leaf Phoenix , his self-given name . He later went back to his birth name , Joaquín , and received positive reviews for his supporting work in a wide range of films , most notably in the film adaptation of the novel To Die For ( 1995 ) and the period film Quills ( 2000 ) . He received international attention for his portrayal of Commodus in the 2000 historical epic film Gladiator , which earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor . He has subsequently earned Best Actor nominations for portraying musician Johnny Cash in the biopic Walk the Line ( 2005 ) and for his role as Freddie Quell , a sex-obsessed alcoholic World War II veteran in the drama film The Master ( 2012 ) , the latter winning him the Volpi Cup for Best Actor . To this date , he and River Phoenix hold the distinction of being the first and only brothers to be nominated for acting Academy Awards .   Some of his other notable films include the satire film Buffalo Soldiers ( 2001 ) , the science fiction thriller Signs ( 2002 ) , the animated film Brother Bear ( 2003 ) , the historical drama film Hotel Rwanda ( 2004 ) , the psychological thriller The Village ( 2004 ) , the documentary Earthlings ( 2005 ) , the romantic drama Two Lovers ( 2008 ) , the drama The Immigrant ( 2013 ) , the romantic science fiction drama Her ( 2013 ) , the crime comedy-drama film Inherent Vice ( 2014 ) , and the thriller You Were Never Really Here ( 2017 ) , for which he won the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actor .   Aside from his acting career , he has also ventured into directing music videos , as well as producing films and television shows . He has recorded an album , the soundtrack to Walk The Line , for which he won the Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media . Phoenix is a social activist , lending his support to a number of charities and humanitarian organizations . He is also widely known for his animal rights advocacy . He has been a vegan since the age of three , and campaigns for PETA and In Defense of Animals .
Hospitals in Liberia include the John F. Kennedy Medical Center in Monrovia and several others. Life expectancy in Liberia is estimated to be 57.4 years in 2012. With a fertility rate of 5.9 births per woman, the maternal mortality rate stood at 990 per 100,000 births in 2010. A number of highly communicable diseases are widespread, including tuberculosis, diarrheal diseases and malaria. In 2007, the HIV infection rates stood at 2% of the population aged 15–49  whereas the incidence of tuberculosis was 420 per 100,000 people in 2008. Approximately 58.2% – 66% of women are estimated to have undergone female genital mutilation.
Mosque prayer halls, in varying styles of architecture. Mosques originated on the Arabian Peninsula, but are now found in all inhabited continents. The word 'mosque' entered the English language from the French word "mosquée", probably derived from Italian "moschea" (a variant of Italian "moscheta"), from either Middle Armenian մզկիթ ("mzkit‘"), Medieval ("masgídion"), or Spanish "mezquita", from (meaning "site of prostration (in prayer)" and hence a place of worship), either from Nabataean "masgdhā́" or from Arabic (meaning "to bow down in prayer"), probably ultimately from Aramaic "sghēdh". The first mosque in the world is often considered to be the area around the
Well I'd say technically speaking the star any planet revolves around would be its sun. So locals would probanly refer to it as their sun and pilots/visitors would refer to it by its 'name'.
- Freekeh (pronounced “free-ka”) is a versatile superfood packed with nutrition and health benefits. It is produced by harvesting grains while still soft, young and green, then parching roasting and drying. The process captures the grains at a state of peak taste and nutrition.reekeh can be used in a variety of ways: 1  as a side dish (prepared and served like rice). 2  as an ingredient in soups and stuffings. 3  served with greens and dressing as a salad. 4  to make vegetarian burgers.
Is it possible for a society to live without any form of currency in this currency-driven world?
Hi there, while you wait for more answers you may be interested in these previous, similar threads:  _URL_0_ _URL_2_ _URL_1_
Tuning is primarily done with each string or key relative to each other.  In that case, as long as you are playing alone, it doesn't actually matter a whole lot - it will still sound good as long as the *intervals* are correct which is done by ear. (example: on guitar if you hold the 5th fret it should be the same tone as the string above it, except g which is the 4th fret).  If you're playing with other instruments it is very important that you are all tuned to the same reference point. This is also easy to do by ear, one person just plays a note and the others tune to match it, then they can tune all their instruments with the interval method above and be at the same tuning.  Tuning devices are also pretty old, such as the tuning fork which rung at a specific tone, providing a reference point for all the instrumentalists to tune from.
Math postdoc in Europe or the USA I am a PhD student in mathematics in the US. I got a 3 year postdoc position at a R1 university in USA and I was extremely happy about that as the department is pretty strong in my research area and my postdoc mentor, say Prof., is a top researcher in my area and also works on similar things as me. But Prof. informed me that he has accepted a position in Austria (he is Austrian) but he can offer me a postdoc there for 3 years and it will also include teaching (which I prefer). 

I am now really confused about making a decision as to where to go. Since I am from Mauritius, staying in US or going to Austria are bot fine with me. One of the main reasons for accepting the US offer was that I was excited about working with Prof. I am hesitating a bit about moving to Austria because 1) I have heard that the North American job market for tenure track is a bit harder for candidates from Europe and 2) my partner is in the US. I asked my advisor and he suggested that I stay in the US. Below are my questions:

1) How common is it for math postdocs to work without a "mentor"? If I end up staying in the US, then even though the department has a good research group in my area but they work on different type of problems and there won't be anyone "officially" assigned to me as a mentor and I am a bit scared that I might feel to lonely there in terms of research.

2) Will it be considered ok, if I ask the department in the university in the US to maybe defer my position for a year, during which I go to Austria and (hopefully) start a collaboration with Prof. and then come back to the US? Is this something which is common with postdocs? Are universities in US, generally ok with such an arrangement (I haven't consulted the university yet)?Comments from people who had similar experience (either as a postdoc themselves or as a faculty who have seen this happen) will be greatly appreciated? Thanks.
Rain usually happens when air pressure drops. Damaged bones (whether from arthritis or injury) are more sensitive to changes in air pressure. I broke my leg many years ago and it still aches when the air pressure changes.
How to Fish for Sturgeon Community Q&A. The term “sturgeon” actually refers to 26 different species of the acipenseridae fish family. Sturgeon are found swimming along the rivers, lakes and coasts of Eurasia and North America. Growing to a size of up to 18 feet (5.5 m) long, this large fish is harvested for both its meat and its roe. The roe is later turned into caviar and sold at specialty shops throughout the world.
We propose methods to classify lines of military chat, or posts, which contain items of interest. We evaluated several current text categorization and feature selection methodologies on chat posts. Our chat posts are examples of 'micro-text', or text that is generally very short in length, semi-structured, and characterized by unstructured or informal grammar and language. Although this study focused specifically on tactical updates via chat, we believe the findings are applicable to content of a similar linguistic structure. Completion of this milestone is a significant first step in allowing for more complex categorization and information extraction.
Treaties are not necessarily permanently binding upon the signatory parties. As obligations in international law are traditionally viewed as arising only from the consent of states, many treaties expressly allow a state to withdraw as long as it follows certain procedures of notification. For example, the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs provides that the treaty will terminate if, as a result of denunciations, the number of parties falls below 40. Many treaties expressly forbid withdrawal. Article 56 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties provides that where a treaty is silent over whether or not it can be denounced there is a rebuttable presumption that it cannot be unilaterally denounced unless:
/u/The1Man has given a very good perspective on the Communist party's point of view. I'd like to talk a bit about how the war was presented to ordinary Chinese. The official Chinese name for the war is "The War to Resist America and Aid Korea." This alone should tell you a bit about how the war was framed by the Chinese Communist Party. People in the US were told that the purpose for their intervention was containing communism. People in the PRC were told that it was pure unabashed Western imperialism. This is not unreasonable from a Chinese perspective. At this point, China had suffered from imperialism for almost a century. So when western forces were fighting an ideologically allied group in a neighboring country and were getting close to the Chinese border, it wasn't particularly difficult to "sell" the war to the Chinese people.
How Much Does Daycare Cost? Baby Costs > How Much Does Daycare Cost? How Much Does Daycare Cost? Although many would like to stay home with their kids, it’s often hard due to financial reasons. Today, two-income households are becoming more common than one-income households, and while there are many options to choose from, such as daycare, a nanny, and before and after-school programs, a daycare is the most common solution to the problem.“ Motions 1493 ” ( CC BY-SA 2.0 ) by mliu92How much does daycare cost? The cost of daycare can vary greatly from state to state and city to city. Generally speaking, the busier the area, the more expensive the daycare rates will be. According to Baby Center.com, daycare costs can average anywhere between $250 and $1200 per month. The average national monthly cost of childcare is $611. Larger chains, such as Kinder Care, may cost more than a local daycare center. For example, Kindercare may ask for $280 to $350 per week while a local no-name center could be near the $180 to $250 per week mark. Daycare costs can depend on a number of things: the quality of the daycare facility, whether or not the workers need to have some type of degree to work there, whether the daycare is set up like a “classroom” or if the kids just play, whether or not food is included or if you must send food with your child, etc. Factors that affect the price: Geographical location: As mentioned earlier, a place, such as New York, will cost a lot more than a city in the middle of Montana. Type of Daycare: Some daycare centers are going to provide more than another. For instance, some may just watch over your child while others may provide educational activities. The more that you want, the more you should expect to pay. Hours: The longer the child has to stay in the daycare center, the higher the daily rate may be. Age: The younger the child is, the more attention the child will need. Because of this, the rates can be higher. State Monthly Costs Alabama $425 - $525 / month Alaska $590 - $700 / month Arizona $610 - $725 / month Arkansas $225 - $410 / month California $905 - $1,100 / month Colorado $725 - $975 / month Connecticut $895 - $1,025 / month Delaware $635 - $785 / month Florida $465 - $685 / month Georgia $415 - $595 / month Hawaii $785 - $995 / month Idaho $395 - $515 / month Illinois $795 - $995 / month Indiana $685 - $815 / month Iowa $585 - $705 / month Kansas $605 - $775 / month Kentucky $355 - $505 / month Louisiana $295 - $495 / month Maine $615 - $745 / month Maryland $875 - $1,095 / month Massachusetts $1,215 - $1,615 / month Michigan $605 - $795 / month Minnesota $915 - $1,100 / month Mississippi $225 - $405 / month Missouri $455 - $575 / month Montana $485 - $600 / month Nebraska $615 - $700 / month Nevada $695 - $750 / month New Hampshire $755 - $865 / month New Jersey $785 - $860 / month New Mexico $500 - $580 / month New York $1,000 - $1,250 / month North Carolina $600 - $715 / month North Dakota $495 - $575 / month Ohio $715 - $815 / month Oklahoma $485 - $560 / month Oregon $785 - $850 / month Pennsylvania $775 - $835 / month Rhode Island $705 - $800 / month South Carolina $405 - $475 / month South Dakota $685 - $725 / month Tennessee $475 - $530 / month Texas $575 - $605 / month Utah $575 - $630 / month Vermont $615 - $685 / month Virginia $785 - $915 / month Washington $785 - $870 / month West Virginia $415 - $525 / month Wisconsin $715 - $875 / month Wyoming $585 - $675 / month What is going to be included? The full-time care of the child will be the main thing included in the quoted price. Depending on the state and the age of the child (see The National Resource Center for Health and Safety in Child Care and Early Education for information on regulations in your state), the ratio of adults to children will differ. Most daycare facilities include at least one meal — usually lunch — and a few snacks. Organized play, free play, song time, classroom time, playground time, and nap are usually incorporated somehow into the daily routine of a daycare center. Centers will often offer either full-
Call of Cthulhu: The Wasted Land Call of Cthulhu: The Wasted Land is a Lovecraftian horror tactical role-playing game developed by Red Wasp Design in conjunction with Chaosium. The game was released in 2012, first for iOS in January, then for PC in May, and for Android in June.
Melatonin doesn't keep you asleep. It makes you sleepy and helps you fall asleep.
What does MBI stand for? Colloquially, the acronym can also stand for Male Body Inspector. Most widely known is MBI referring to the Mathematical Biosciences Institute at Ohio University (q.v.). It can also refer to state investigative agencies (e.g. Mississippi Bureau of Investigation). Colloquially, the acronym can also stand for Male Body Inspector.
Economics is based on the premise that humans have unlimited wants but scarce resources. We desire to maximize what we can get out of our scarce resources. Resources are limited but through ingenuity we can derive more goods and services per unit of raw material and labor. For example, technological advancements would allow us to grow more food using less land, less water, and less labor. In this scenario, the economy has "grown" despite us having the same land, same water, and same man-hours that we had before the improvement. Maybe, there's a limit, maybe not. It depends on how far creativity can take us. In the meantime we are still able to increase productivity and we should continue to strive getting the most we can out of limited resources to make life better for human beings.
A number of decoy towns were constructed in Somerset in World War II to protect Bristol and other towns, at night. They were designed to mimic the geometry of "blacked out" streets, railway lines, and Bristol Temple Meads railway station, to encourage bombers away from these targets. One, on the radio beam flight path to Bristol, was constructed on Beacon Batch. It was laid out by Shepperton Studios, based on aerial photographs of the city's railway marshalling yards. The decoys were fitted with dim red lights, simulating activities like the stoking of steam locomotives. Burning bales of straw soaked in creosote were used to simulate the effects of incendiary bombs dropped by the first wave of Pathfinder night bombers; meanwhile, incendiary bombs dropped on the correct location were quickly smothered, wherever possible. Drums of oil were also ignited to simulate the effect of a blazing city or town, with the aim of fooling subsequent waves of bombers into dropping their bombs on the wrong location. The Chew Magna decoy town was hit by half-a-dozen bombs on 2 December 1940, and over a thousand incendiaries on 3 January 1941. The following night the Uphill decoy town, protecting Weston-super-Mare's airfield, was bombed; a herd of dairy cows was hit, killing some and severely injuring others.
When this happens, it's typically because the pill is lodged in your esophagus. The way the nerves connect give you the sensation of it being stuck in your throat. If you get this feeling in the absence of swallow, your esophagus is likely irritated for some other reason (reflux maybe). I feel this way a lot when I stuff myself with bread at restaurants. Gotta stop doing that.  Drink plenty of water when you get this sensation; stuck pills can erode the lining of your esophagus and that isn't good.
It doesn't. That may be a coincidence you are noticing. It can thunder without rain (heat storms, etc). It can rain without thunder.
Great Names for a Calico Cat Calico cats ask to have names that no other cat has (or very, very few cats have!). Names from Egypt and around the Mediterranean where the calico cat is traced to have originated (where 'Tinka' still lives). Names of famous calico cats through time and literature. Pretty names because they are 'pretty'.
What Does the Lat Pulldown Work? Latissimus Dorsi. The main muscle mover in the lat pulldown is the latissimus dorsi, or lats. They are located on the sides of your middle-to lower-back. You probably recognize the lats on bodybuilders because the muscle looks like wings that extend from underneath the shoulder to the lower back.rms. The three muscles that make up your biceps -- the biceps brachii, the brachialis and the brachioradialis -- are also used during the lat pulldown. When the bicep group contracts and shortens, your arm flexes. This flexion occurs when you pull down the lat bar and decrease the angle at your elbow.
legal brief legal brief Also found in: Thesaurus, Wikipedia. Related to legal brief: Appellate Brief Thesaurus Antonyms Related Words Synonyms Legend: Switch to new thesaurus Noun 1. legal brief - a document stating the facts and points of law of a client's casebrieflegal document, legal instrument, official document, instrument - (law) a document that states some contractual relationship or grants some rightamicus curiae brief - a brief presented by someone interested in influencing theoutcome of a lawsuit but who is not a party to itlaw, jurisprudence - the collection of rules imposed by authority; "civilizationpresupposes respect for the law"; "the great problem for jurisprudence to allow freedomwhile enforcing order"Based on Word Net 3.0, Farlex clipart collection. © 2003-2012 Princeton University, Farlex Inc. Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us, add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content . Link to this page: Facebook Twitter 
Budweiser, Coors Light ingredients revealed for first time It lists the same ingredients for Budweiser and Bud Light: Water, barley malt, rice, yeast and hops. The company, which also makes Beck's, Busch and Michelob beers, said it will list the ingredients for all of its other brands online in the coming days..
Gullah Seasoning Gullah Seasoning Gullah is the name for the African-American culture of the Carolina Low Country—the region in and around Charleston and the coastal islands. Season your shrimp, fish, and chicken with this seasoning developed to complement Gullah cuisine. Try this version for fried foods. This recipe is adapted from Gullah Cuisine, by Charlotte Jenkins and William Baldwin. Gullah Cuisine restaurant is in Mt. Pleasant, South Carolina.
Beans and pulses in your diet Pulses include beans, lentils and peas. They are a cheap, low-fat source of protein, fibre, vitamins and minerals, and they count towards your recommended five daily portions of fruit and vegetables. A pulse is an edible seed that grows in a pod. Pulses include all beans, peas and lentils, such as:baked beansred, green, yellow and brown lentilschickpeas (chana or garbanzo beans)garden peasblack-eyed peasrunner beansbroad beans (fava beans)kidney beans, butter beans (Lima beans), haricots, cannellini beans, flageolet beans, pinto beans and borlotti beans Why eat pulses? Pulses are a great source of protein. This means they can be particularly important for people who do not get protein by eating meat, fish or dairy products. However, pulses can also be a healthy choice for meat-eaters. You can add pulses to soups, casseroles and meat sauces to add extra texture and flavour. This means you can use less meat, which makes the dish lower in fat and cheaper. Pulses are a good source of iron. Pulses are also a starchy food and add fibre to your meal. Eating a diet high in fibre is associated with a reduced risk of heart disease and type 2 diabetes. Pulses are often bought in tins. If you buy tinned pulses, check the label and try to choose ones that have no added salt or sugar. Pulses and 5 A DAYIt's recommended we get at least five daily portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables, and pulses count towards your 5 A Day. One portion is 80g, which is equivalent to around three heaped tablespoons of cooked pulses. However, if you eat more than three heaped tablespoons of beans and pulses in a day, this still only counts as one portion of your 5 A DAY. This is because while pulses contain fibre, they don't give the same mixture of vitamins, minerals and other nutrients as fruit and vegetables. This excludes green beans, such as broad beans and runner beans, which are counted as a vegetable and not a bean or pulse for 5 A DAY. Learn more about 5 A DAY. Don't let flatulence put you off pulses Baked beans are renowned for their effect on the bowels. This is because beans contain undigestible carbohydrates. Soaking and rinsing dry beans before cooking, as well as rinsing canned beans in water, can help to reduce these hard to digest carbohydrates. You shouldn't let a bit of wind put you off eating pulses. People react differently to certain foods and may find that symptoms subside, especially if you increase your intake gradually. Cooking and storing pulses safely Typically, pulses are bought either tinned or dried. Tinned pulses have already been soaked and cooked, so you only need to heat them up or add them straight to salads if you're using them cold. Dried pulses need to be soaked and cooked before they can be eaten. Dried kidney beans and soya beans contain toxins, so it is important to ensure they have been cooked properly before you eat them. Cooking times vary depending on the type of pulse and how old they are, so follow the instructions on the packet or a recipe. Cooking kidney beans safely Kidney beans contain a natural toxin called lectin. This can cause stomach aches and vomiting. The toxin is destroyed by proper cooking. Tinned kidney beans have already been cooked, so you can use them straight away. When using dried kidney beans, follow these three steps to destroy the toxins:soak the dried beans in water for at least 12 hoursdrain and rinse the beans, then cover them with fresh waterboil them vigorously for at least 10 minutes, then simmer the beans for around 45-60 minutes to make them tender Cooking soya beans safely Soya beans contain a natural toxin called a trypsin inhibitor. This can stop you digesting food properly. The toxin is destroyed by proper cooking. Tinned soya beans have already been cooked, so you can use them straight away. When using dried soya beans, follow these three steps to destroy the toxins:soak the dried beans in water for at least 12 hoursdrain and rinse the beans, then cover them with fresh waterboil them vigorously for one hour, then simmer the beans for ab
What are the top five best metal songs you have heard?
What was the significance of the Tet Offensive and why was it so damaging to the US war effort? During the Vietnam War (1959–1975), the Tet Offensive in 1968 significantly marked a crucial turning point that led to the “de-escalation” and total withdrawal of US troops from Vietnam, just several years later. Mr. William Jorden of the National Security Council Staff considered Tet Offensive as the "the worst intelligence failure of the war" [1]. Therefore, it made a lot of US politicians and high-ranking military leaders become “liars” in front of their fellow countrymen. Furthermore, Tet Offensive added more “fuel” to the “fire” of anti-war movements across the US as well as badly damaged to their war efforts. How these things could happen?“ There has been progress on every front in Vietnam. Military, substantial progress. Politically, very significant progress… There is no military stalemate. There is no pacification stalemate. ” [2] (Hubert Humphrey, US vice president, November 1967)In 1967, significant military results were obtained by the US armed forces over both North and South Vietnam battlefields. One of the largest military campaigns since 1945 was conducted from 22 February to 14 May 1967, with its name was Operation Junction City. With the participation of more than 30,000 US troops together with the helps from the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN), this campaign aimed to root out the headquarters of National Liberation Front (NLF) or the Vietcong fighters, located deep into the forests of Tay Ninh Province. As a result, the NLF had to move their headquarters deep into Cambodian soil [3]. Figure 1: Aftermath of the “hill battle” of Dak To in Central Highlands, 1967Meanwhile, heavy battles were occurred in Central Highlands of Vietnam, especially at Dak To where the US military leaders also thought that several North Vietnamese main divisions were badly hit and their “moving south” efforts were successfully prevented [4]. By the end of 1967, the war “seemed” to “move northward” to the Con Thien Firebase in the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) or Khe Sanh Combat Base in Route 9. In North Vietnam, bombing operations were intensified, with inflicted more casualties to the military targets, industrial bases, bridges and traffic roads of North Vietnam, even the highly protected Thai Nguyen Steel Plant was subsequently attacked. Figure 2: US Marines in Con Thien Firebase, September 1967 [5]In November 1967, General William Westmoreland, Commander of the US Military Assistance Command in Vietnam told to the media:“I am absolutely certain that, whereas in 1965 the enemy was winning, today he is certainly losing.” [6]Then, the Tet holidays of 1968 came in…together with the Surprising Tet Offensive!SAIGON - CAPITAL OF THE REPUBLIC OF VIETNAMFigure 3: NLF/ North Vietnamese troops attacked the US/ARVN positions in Saigon during the first hours of the Tet Offensive, 31 January 1968 [7]Figure 4: Some of ARVN positions in Saigon were seized during the first days of Tet Offensive, like the military post of Cau Tre located in District 6, Saigon Figure 5: …and fightings were intensified in Saigon during 14 days later…Figure 6: US Embassy of Saigon was under attack by Vietcong commandos, 31 January 1968HUE - SECOND LARGEST CITY IN SOUTH VIETNAMFigure 7: North Vietnamese troops “suddenly” appeared in Hue city, 31 January 1968Figure 8:…then came the 28 days battle of Hue, one of the bloodiest and longest battles of the Vietnam War Figure 9: One month house-to-house intense fighting in Hue costed all sides heavy prices The list of targets in South Vietnam were under Vietcong (NLF) and North Vietnamese attacks continued growing up to over 100 towns and cities, including 36 of 44 provincial capitals, five of the six autonomous cities, 72 of 245 district towns and Saigon itself [8]. The Offensive was not lasted for one month, but it was actually lasted for the whole year of 1968, with the renewed attacks in May and August 1968. In fact, Tet Offensive was considered as one of the biggest military operations conducted by NLF and North Vietna
Why does decimal expansion for k/7 look like 1/7 with digits shifted left?
This comment is not toxic.
Chest Pain in Children and Adolescents In adolescents and young adults, the sensation of “heart skipping” (palpitations) or fast heart rate, shortness of breath, and chest pain may be the first symptoms. Growth and development are usually normal in patients with Ebstein anomaly.
Chewing tobacco: Not a safe product Chewing tobacco: Not a safe product Get the facts about chewing tobacco and other forms of smokeless tobacco. They're more harmful and addictive than you might think. By Mayo Clinic Staff Chewing tobacco and other smokeless tobacco products may be perceived as safer than cigarettes or other smoked tobacco products because they aren't linked to lung cancer. And smokeless tobacco products are often promoted as a safer option. These products, however, result in some of the same risks as cigarettes, as well as additional health risks particularly associated with smokeless tobacco products. There are no harmless tobacco products. Chewing tobacco and other forms of smokeless tobacco Chewing tobacco is a common type of smokeless tobacco. Smokeless tobacco products consist of tobacco or a tobacco blend that's chewed, sucked on or sniffed, rather than smoked. Nicotine is absorbed through the soft tissues of the mouth and in some cases swallowed. There are many types of smokeless tobacco products around the world. In the United States, the main types of smokeless tobacco include the following: Chewing tobacco is packaged either as loose tobacco leaves; leaves compressed into a small, brick-like shape called a plug; or braids of leaves called a twist. A piece of tobacco is placed between the cheek and gum. The saliva that builds up in the mouth is either spit out or swallowed. Chewing tobacco, which may be flavored, is also called chew, spitting tobacco or spit. Snuff is finely cut or ground tobacco that may be flavored. It's available in dry or moist forms and is packaged in tins or teabag-like pouches. A pinch of snuff is placed along the gumline, either behind the lip or between the gum and cheek. Using snuff is also called dipping. Dry snuff also can be sniffed into the nose. Snus (pronounced snoos) is a smokeless, spitless, flavored tobacco product that originated in Sweden. It is sold loose or in teabag-like pouches. It's similar to snuff but is pasteurized during the manufacturing process to kill bacteria that can produce cancer-causing chemicals. The snus sold in Sweden is associated with lower risks of cancers linked to chewing tobaccos. However, because snus sold in the United States is not manufactured with the same regulations as the Swedish product, there is insufficient evidence to draw conclusions about U. S. products. Dissolvable tobacco products are pieces of compressed powdered tobacco that are usually flavored. They dissolve in the mouth, requiring no spitting of tobacco juices. They are sold as orbs or lozenges that resemble hard candy; sticks about the size of a matchstick; or strips that are thin, flat sheets like a dissolvable breath strip. These products are not the same as the nicotine lozenges used to help people quit smoking. Health risks of smokeless tobacco All tobacco products contain nicotine, the chemical that makes the products addictive. Also, there are as many as 28 different chemicals, which are either present in tobacco or which form during the production process, that have been identified as cancer-causing agents (carcinogens). These substances in smokeless tobacco products have been linked to well-documented risk of disease. Health problems related to smokeless tobacco include the following. Addiction. Because smokeless tobacco contains nicotine, you can become addicted, just as you can with cigarettes. The levels of nicotine circulating in the bloodstream are about the same for people who smoke cigarettes and those who use chewing tobacco. However, unlike smoked tobacco that is used periodically during the day, smokeless tobacco is often used constantly, exposing users to high levels of nicotine throughout the day, resulting in high levels of dependence. Just as with smoking, withdrawal from smokeless tobacco causes symptoms such as intense cravings, increased appetite, irritability and depressed mood. Cancer. The use of chewing tobacco and other smokeless tobacco products increases the risk of oral cancers — cancer of the mouth, throat, cheek, gums, lips o
Bison (Buffalo) Meat Organic Bison (Buffalo) Meat. Bison is a wonderful healthy red meat with all of the flavor and texture of beef. It's rich in protein and high in iron yet is lower in fat, calories and cholesterol than skinless chicken or turkey.In fact, Bison is one of the low fat meats recommended by the USDA as part of a balanced & nutritious diet.ison is a wonderful healthy red meat with all of the flavor and texture of beef. It's rich in protein and high in iron yet is lower in fat, calories and cholesterol than skinless chicken or turkey.
Electricity usage of a Refrigerator A fridge will use anywhere from 100 to 400 watts depending on size, an average modern fridge will use 180 watts. Click calculate to find the energy consumption of a refrigerator using 180 Watts for 24 hours a day @ $0.10 per a kWh.Cost Per Hour:ours Used Per Day: Enter how many hours the device is being used on average per a day, if the power consumption is lower than 1 hour per a day enter as a decimal.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
The artificial neural networks that are used to recognize shapes typically use one or more layers of learned feature detectors that produce scalar outputs. By contrast, the computer vision community uses complicated, hand-engineered features, like SIFT [6], that produce a whole vector of outputs including an explicit representation of the pose of the feature. We show how neural networks can be used to learn features that output a whole vector of instantiation parameters and we argue that this is a much more promising way of dealing with variations in position, orientation, scale and lighting than the methods currently employed in the neural networks community. It is also more promising than the handengineered features currently used in computer vision because it provides an efficient way of adapting the features to the domain.
Salem season 3 release date - November 2, 2016 on WGN America Main » TV-series » Salem season 3 release date - November 2, 2016Salem season 3 release date - November 2, 2016 on WGN America2016-10-02TV show status Salem season 3 release date: 2016-10-02Last updated: 2015-09-12Max Pogorelyi Author Date: 2015-09-12Supernatural thrillers are your favorites? Don’t hesitate to join the army of this amazingly fascinating TV series, even you if you have missed the first two seasons of it. The administration of WGN America has already officially confirmed that the channel is renewing their fiction drama show for another, already third season. They have announced that viewers can expect new episodes of Salem to kick off in 2016. When exactly - will be announced a bit later, so stay tuned!Salem season 3 cancelled or renewed? When Salem season 3 be released? Will Salem season 3 be final? Description Review The original name: Salem season 3Director: Brannon Braga, Adam Simon Duration: 45 min. Seasons: 2Actors: Janet Montgomery, Shane West, Seth Gabel, Tamzin Merchant Genre: Drama, Thriller Country: USA TV channel: WGN America Original release: When does Salem season 3 return on WGN America? We have the new information on the status of Salem season 3. Release date to be confirmed at the show's WGN America channel. Thank you for having taken part in the voting for Salem season 3. About TV show salem Season 3Featuring talented people as its authors and executive producers, this new drama show of American production features thriller genre with elements of supernatural fiction. The world saw the initial episodes of Salem in spring 2014. The show became the first of the kind for WGN America, as the channel has never distributed any original-scripted projects previously. The captivating storyline of this mesmerizing series got is basement on the work known as Salem Witch Trials that is a series of famous hearings and further prosecutions of those accused of sorcery in dark period of 1962-1963 in Massachusetts. The series follows the events that took place in Salem in the course of notorious Witch Trials but with a slight changing in the plot. Salem season 3 release date November 2, 2016Subscribe to receive last news and updates status TV show Salem season 3. You will receive an automatic email when the Salem season 3 renewed or cancelled. Email Notify me What can you learn about the TV series: Salem season 3? We have description, trailer and wallpapers ( photos from the set) series. If there is no any information about the show, please contact us by mail or leave a review. What don`t we have? We don`t have enough high-quality reviews. Dear friends, we are waiting for you to help, send us your reviews, we will post them. We can not see all the TV shows, but we know most of them. You can also register on the site, add series to your personal cabinet, its date release to Google Calendar. You can vote for your favorite TV series. Now the series Supernatural season 13 is leading. Please leave feedback if you watched at least one episode. It will help others to choose the new series.76243 views? Votes 3Rating12 votes 4.73333 avg rating Facebook Twitter Google+ Reviews Leave your comment You want to change avatar? Then go to the website gravatar.com and set up your profile. Reviews Babybuns2015-11-25 09:23:42Can't wait for season3Answer Charles2015-12-05 18:58:00This is an amazing series that is so captivating, you will be addicted to watching. When I first saw it advertised for WGN, I knew I wanted to check it out. My wife and I currently are watching the episodes AGAIN on Netflix and Amazon Prime. We are in our mid 40's and love this show. We order take-out and Bing watch Salem every Friday night after completing our work week. We really hope this series will keep going for many more seasons to come. This is as good as series as Supernatural and is based on historical events in American history. Answer Mama C2016-01-05 21:42:41Charles, my husband and I are also in our mid 40's and binge watch on Fridays with takeout as well. I wanted to thank y
The 17th North American Basic Income Guarantee (NABIG) Congress will be held in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada from May 24-27, 2018. The basic income guarantee (BIG) is a government insured guarantee that no citizen's income will fall below some minimal level for any reason. All citizens would receive a BIG without means test or work requirement.
England is quite a successful nation at the UEFA European Football Championship, having finished in third place in 1968 and reached the semi-final in 1996. England hosted Euro 96 and have appeared in eight UEFA European Championship Finals tournaments, tied for ninth-best. The team has also reached the quarter-final on two recent occasions in 2004 and 2012. The team's worst result in the competition was a first-round elimination in 1980, 1988, 1992 and 2000. The team did not enter in 1960, and they failed to qualify in 1964, 1972, 1976, 1984, and 2008.
On what plate is most of the United States? Most of the United States is on the North American Plate. The tectonic plate that most of the United States rests on is the North American Plate. This plate also contains Greenland, Canada, Mexico, and parts of Iceland and Russia. Small parts of California and the entire Hawaiian islands rest on other tectonic plates.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Gymnastics at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic team all-around Gymnastics at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Women's artistic team all-around These are the results of the women's team all-around competition, one of six events for female competitors in artistic gymnastics at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. The compulsory and optional rounds took place on August 27 and 28 at the Sports Hall. The team competition saw the first performance of a standing back somersault on the balance beam, by Soviet gymnast Olga Korbut. The final score for each team was determined by combining all of the scores earned by the team on each apparatus during the compulsory and
Scrum (rugby) the players who are designated forwards binding together in three rows. The scrum then 'engages' with the opposition team so that the players' heads are interlocked with those of the other side's front row. In rugby union the initiation of the process is verbally coordinated by the referee who calls 'crouch, bind, set' as of 2013 (formerly 'crouch, touch, pause, engage', 'crouch and hold, engage' before 2007). The scrum-half from the team that did not infringe then throws the ball into the tunnel created in the space between the two sets of front rowers' legs. Both teams may then try
In data science, the R language is swallowing Python?
This comment is not toxic.
What is the definition of volume? The type of matter that has a definite shape and definite volume is a solid. Liquids have definite volume, but not a definite shape. They conform to their container. Gases hav…e no definite shape and no definite volume, the expand to fill the space they are in.
Kevin Quinn (actor) Kevin Quinn (born May 21, 1997) is an American actor. He is known for his starring role in the Disney Channel original series "Bunk'd", and his supporting role in the 2016 Disney Channel Original Movie "Adventures in Babysitting".
Massachusetts Massachusetts -LSB- mæsəˈtʃuːsᵻts -RSB- or -LSB- ˌmæsəˈtʃuːzᵻts -RSB- ; officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States . It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east , the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island to the south , New Hampshire and Vermont to the north , and New York to the west . The state is named for the Massachusett tribe , which once inhabited the area . The capital of Massachusetts and the most populous city in New England is Boston . Over 80 % of Massachusetts ' population lives in the Greater Boston metropolitan area , a region influential upon American history , academia , and industry . Originally dependent on agriculture , fishing and trade , Massachusetts was transformed into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution . During the 20th century , Massachusetts ' economy shifted from manufacturing to services . Modern Massachusetts is a global leader in biotechnology , engineering , higher education , finance , and maritime trade .   Plymouth was the site of the first colony in New England , founded in 1620 by the Pilgrims , passengers of the Mayflower . In 1692 , the town of Salem and surrounding areas experienced one of America 's most infamous cases of mass hysteria , the Salem witch trials . In 1777 , General Henry Knox founded the Springfield Armory , which during the Industrial Revolution catalyzed numerous important technological advances , including interchangeable parts . In 1786 , Shays ' Rebellion , a populist revolt led by disaffected American Revolutionary War veterans , influenced the United States Constitutional Convention . In the 18th century , the Protestant First Great Awakening , which swept the Atlantic World , originated from the pulpit of Northampton preacher Jonathan Edwards . In the late 18th century , Boston became known as the `` Cradle of Liberty '' for the agitation there that led to the American Revolution .   The entire Commonwealth of Massachusetts has played a powerful commercial and cultural role in the history of the United States . Before the American Civil War , Massachusetts was a center for the abolitionist , temperance , and transcendentalist movements . In the late 19th century , the sports of basketball and volleyball were invented in the western Massachusetts cities of Springfield and Holyoke , respectively . In 2004 , Massachusetts became the first U.S. state to legally recognize same-sex marriage as a result of the decision in Goodridge v. Department of Public Health by the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court . Many prominent American political dynasties have hailed from the state , including the Adams and Kennedy families . Harvard University in Cambridge is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States , with the largest financial endowment of any university , and Harvard Law School has educated a contemporaneous majority of Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States . Kendall Square in Cambridge has been called `` the most innovative square mile on the planet '' , in reference to the high concentration of entrepreneurial start-ups and quality of innovation which have emerged in the vicinity of the square since 2010 . Both Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , also in Cambridge , have been ranked among the most highly regarded academic institutions in the world . Massachusetts ' public school students place among the top nations in the world in academic performance .
Water well after which a pump is installed to collect the water. Deeper wells can be excavated by hand drilling methods or machine drilling, using a bit in a borehole. Drilled wells are usually cased with a factory-made pipe composed of steel or plastic. Drilled wells can access water at much greater depths than dug wells. Two broad classes of well are shallow or unconfined wells completed within the uppermost saturated aquifer at that location, and deep or confined wells, sunk through an impermeable stratum into an aquifer beneath. A collector well can be constructed adjacent to a freshwater lake or stream
What is it about video games that addicts people?
How to Learn Martial Arts "Pressure Points" Edit Article How to Learn Martial Arts "Pressure Points"12 Parts: Understanding pressure points Head Neck Shoulder Throat Jaw zone Forearm/crevice Hands Torso region Feet Possible therapeutic uses Practicing the pressure points Community Q&AThe traditional definition of a pressure point is a point that, when pressure is applied, produces crippling pain. This is learnt in a Chinese martial art called Dim Mak based on acupuncture pressure points, but this art is very restricted and needs and understanding of Chinese acupuncture points. Because of this, this article can only provide information on on fragile areas that we'll call vulnerable points. This is used to exploit a weakness or vulnerability in the human body to gain an advantage over an opponent. When using these pressure points one must be particularly careful as it is easy to kill someone accidentally, such as a friend or even an enemy. At that point, you enter the legal system, which generally does not know if you were really defending yourself or were actually the aggressor, and in some cases, that may not even matter. This leads to the point that, more important than the technique, is the mindset that you use in training, which is, of course a personal philosophical decision, but one which requires much thought and consideration of when what you practice must be put to use. 
By Any Means (film) By Any Means is an American thriller directed by Leighton Spence and starring Brooke Burfitt, Thomas Gipson, Jonathan Cheban and Michelle Money. The film had its first screening in Ireland before a run of international film festivals around the world in 2016. Gravitas Ventures acquired the distribution rights of the film; which will be released by video on demand and on DVD on June 27, 2017.
- Full Definition of CONVOKE. transitive verb. : to call together to a meeting. See convoke defined for English-language learners. See convoke defined for kids.ull Definition of CONVOKE. transitive verb. : to call together to a meeting. See convoke defined for English-language learners. See convoke defined for kids.
- What does Serenity mean, popularity, numerology and more. The name Serenity is of Latin origin. The meaning of Serenity is calm. It is also of English origin, where its meaning is serenity.
At this moment in time the republican party is more fractured with a bunch of fairly different ideologies. Democrats basically currently have a pretty clear vision and the only question being "more conservative movement towards that vision or more extreme towards that vision". But some other year republicans will be very solid in their vision and democrats will be 30 people representing all the places that could go next.
How to Use Proper Capitalization Expert Reviewed How to Use Proper Capitalization Three Parts: Learning Basic Capitalization Rules Capitalizing When Writing About People Capitalizing in Other Situations Community Q&ACapitalization is one of the most basic and important elements of writing. Capitalization draws the reader’s attention to names, titles, and more. Capitalization also marks the start of new sentences and new paragraphs, provides signals to the reader, and helps to create a structure and a hierarchy in written language. For these reasons, capitalization is essential for readers and writers. The rules may seem complex, but most uses of capital words fall under just a few big-picture categories. Once you understand these categories, your writing will be clearer and easier to follow. 
- A high platelet count is 400,000 or above. A higher-than-normal number of platelets is called thrombocytosis. It means your body is making too many platelets. Causes may include: 1  A type of anemia in which red blood cells in the blood are destroyed earlier than normal (hemolytic anemia). 2  Anemia due to low iron.
Egypt has a wide range of beaches situated on the Mediterranean and the Red Sea that extend to over 3,000 km. The Red Sea has serene waters, coloured coral reefs, rare fish and beautiful mountains. The Akba Gulf beaches also provide facilities for practising sea sports. Safaga tops the Red Sea zone with its beautiful location on the Suez Gulf. Last but not least, Sharm el-Sheikh (or City of Peace), Hurghada, Luxor (known as world's greatest open-air museum/ or City of the ⅓ of world monuments), Dahab, Ras Sidr, Marsa Alam, Safaga and the northern coast of the Mediterranean are major tourist's destinations of the recreational tourism.
Flux Penetration in Superconducting Strip with Edge-Indentation
When we say 'base-X', it's understood that X is expressed in base 10, so there's no ambiguity. On the other hand, if I want to count in a base higher than 10, I have to start using new symbols to represent numbers bigger than 9. In hexadecimal, of course, we use 1-9, A-F. So is your suggestion that we refer to hexadecimal as 'base-F' ? That probably wouldn't cause *too* much confusion, as hex is well established, but what about base 60 (or higher)? Even if I use the alphabet, I'm going to run out of symbols before I get to 60, and I'm going to have to come up with something, say '♣' to represent 59. But then when I say 'base-♣', you will have no idea what I'm referring to.
There are many different kinds of reactors, with different coolants. The coolant can either be a gas or a liquid. Some examples of coolants would be liquid water, steam, liquid heavy water, gaseous helium, liquid metal, and molten salt. That GIF shows a PWR, which uses pressurized light water as a coolant and a neutron moderator. The secondary cooling loop contains liquid water which boils into steam and turns a turbine. The pressure of the water in the primary cooling loop of a PWR is usually around 150 bar.
Flash Player does not work on Android 4.0 and upwards Please check my attached about Flash Player error on my android phone. I can see Utube, Facebook videos very well but some of the website showing like that error. How could I solve this problem?

Phone : Huawei U9200 P1
Version : ICS 4.0.3
Flash Player Ver : Adobe Air and Adobe Flash Player 11.1
Element Families of the Periodic Table Science, Tech, Math ›Science Element Families of the Periodic Table Share Flipboard Email Print Elements are grouped into families in the periodic table. Digital Art / Getty Imagesby Anne Marie Helmenstine, Ph. D. Updated August 03, 201701of 10Element Families Element families are indicated by numbers located at the top of the periodic table. © Todd Helmenstine Elements may be categorized according to element families. Knowing how to identify families, which elements are included, and their properties helps predict behavior of unknown elements and their chemical reactions. What Is an Element Family? An element family is a set of elements sharing common properties. Elements are classified into families because the three main categories of elements (metals, nonmetals and semimetals) are very broad. The characteristics of the elements in these families is determined primarily by the number of electrons in the outer energy shell. Element groups, on the other hand, are collections of elements categorized according to similar properties. Because element properties are largely determined by the behavior of valence electrons, families and groups may be one and the same. However, there are different ways of categorizing elements into families. Many chemists and chemistry textbooks recognize five main families:5 Element Familiesalkali metalsalkaline earth metalstransition metalshalogensnoble gases9 Element Families Another common method of categorization recognizes nine element families: Alkali Metals - Group 1 (IA) - 1 valence electron Alkaline Earth Metals - Group 2 (IIA) - 2 valence electrons Transition Metals - Groups 3-12 - d and f block metals have 2 valence electrons Boron Group or Earth Metals - Group 13 (IIIA) - 3 valence electrons Carbon Group or Tetrels - Group 14 (IVA) - 4 valence electrons Nitrogen Group or Pnictogens - Group 15 (VA) - 5 valence electrons Oxygen Group or Chalcogens - Group 16 (VIA) - 6 valence electrons Halogens - Group 17 (VIIA) - 7 valence electrons Noble Gases - Group 18 (VIIIA) - 8 valence electrons Recognizing Families on the Periodic Table Columns of the periodic table typically mark groups or families. Three systems have been used to number families and groups: The older IUPAC system used Roman numerals together with letters to distinguish between the left (A) and right (B) side of the periodic table. The CAS system used letter to differentiate main group (A) and transition (B) elements. The modern IUPAC system uses Arabic numbers 1-18, simply numbering the columns of the periodic table from left to right. Many periodic tables include both Roman and Arabic numbers. The Arabic numbering system is the most widely accepted method used today.02of 10Alkali Metals or Group 1 Family of Elements The highlighted elements of the periodic table belong to the alkali metal element family. Todd Helmenstine The alkali metals are recognized as a group and family of elements. These elements are metals. Sodium and potassium are examples of elements in this family. Group 1 or IAAlkali Metals1 valence electronsoft metallic solidsshiny, lustroushigh thermal and electrical conductivitylow densities, increasing with atomic massrelatively low melting points, decreasing with atomic massvigorous exothermic reaction with water to produce hydrogen gas and an alkali metal hydroxide solutionionize to lose their electron, so the ion has a +1 charge Hydrogen is not considered an alkali metal because the gas does not exhibit the typical properties of the group. However, under the right conditions of temperature and pressure, hydrogen can be an alkali metal.03of 10Alkaline Earth Metals or Group 2 Family of Elements The highlighted elements of this periodic table belong to the alkaline earth element family. Todd Helmenstine The alkaline earth metals or simply alkaline earths are recognized as an important group and family of elements. These elements are metals. Examples include calcium and magnesium. Group 2 or IIAAlkaline Earth Metals (Alkaline Earths)2 valence electronsmetallic solids, ha
On mobile at a certain music award show so apologies for the short response. As far as fashion was concerned, and only speaking from a Western European sense, there was a lot of movement amongst the upper classes. Sometimes it was small things that didn't last long like sleeve styles, sometimes (and referring to the 1500's as per your question) it could be trends that stick around much longer like slashes in the outer layers that you'd pull the fabric of the under layers through.  Overall trends moved quickly in upper classes with disposable income and the ability to travel (lots of influence from other countries, sometimes Spain was the model, sometimes England, etc), but poorer classes did not have as much variety in fads, and the spread of trends was much slower. The song alluding to 'sticking a feather on their cap and call it macaroni' alludes to this Source: A Concise History of Costume by James Laver and Amy de la Haye
What is Polybutylene? polybutylene is a type of plastic resin that was used extensively in the manufacture of potable water piping from 1978 until 1995 shell and dupont were two of the primary manufacturers of the polybutylene also known as pb piping and fittingsolybutylene is a type of plastic resin that was used extensively in the manufacture of potable water piping from 1978 until 1995 shell and dupont were two of the primary manufacturers of the polybutylene also known as pb piping and fittings
Can a President be Arrested? There is even a belief that during war time the president can be shot on the spot for committing treason against America but only during war time. There is another thought that the president is immune from arrest and prosecution as long as he is in office. All the confusion is understandable because the Constitution is vague in this area. It states that the president can be impeached for committing certain crimes but that is all it says.
Most waves (and particles) travel in a straight line, unless an outside force acts on them. What wave characteristic leads you to conclude that waves don't travel in straight lines?
List of tallest buildings List of tallest buildings From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from List of tallest buildings in the world)navigation search The 828-metre (2,717 ft) tall Burj Khalifa in Dubai has been the world's tallest building since 2008. [1] The Burj Khalifa has been classified as Megatall. [2]Schematic of the tallest buildings in the world in 2015. This list of tallest buildings in the world ranks skyscrapers by height. Only buildings with continuously occupiable floors are included, thus non-building structures, including towers, are not included. (See List of tallest buildings and structures . )Contents [ hide ]1 Ranking criteria and alternatives2 Tallest buildings in the world (350 m+)3 Gallery4 Alternative measurements4.1 Height to pinnacle (highest point)4.2 Height to occupied floor5 Buildings under construction6 List by continent7 See also8 Notes9 References10 External links Ranking criteria and alternatives The international non-profit organization Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH) was formed in 1969 and announces the title of "The World's Tallest Building" and sets the standards by which buildings are measured. It maintains a list of the 100 tallest completed buildings in the world. [3] The organization currently ranks Burj Khalifa in Dubai as the tallest at 828 m (2,717 ft). [3] The CTBUH only recognizes buildings that are complete however, and some buildings included within the lists in this article are not considered finished by the CTBUH. In 1996, as a response to the dispute as to whether the Petronas Towers or the Sears Tower was taller, [4] the council listed and ranked buildings in four categories:height to structural or architectural top;height to floor of highest occupied floor;height to top of roof (removed as category in November 2009); [5] andheight to top of any part of the building. Spires are considered integral parts of the architectural design of buildings, to which changes would substantially change the appearance and design of the building, whereas antennas may be added or removed without such consequences. The Petronas Towers, with their spires, are thus ranked higher than the Willis Tower (formerly the Sears Tower) with its antennas, despite the Petronas Towers' lower roofs and lower highest point. Until 1996, the world's tallest building was defined by the height to the top of the tallest architectural element, including spires but not antennae. This led to a rivalry between the Bank of Manhattan Building and the Chrysler Building. The Bank of Manhattan Building employed only a short spire and was 282.5 m (927 ft) tall and had a much higher top occupied floor (the second category in the 1996 criteria for tallest building). In contrast, the Chrysler Building employed a very large 38.1 m (125 ft) spire secretly assembled inside the building to claim the title of world's tallest building with a total height of 318.9 m (1,046 ft), although it had a lower top occupied floor and a shorter height when both buildings' spires were excluded. Upset by Chrysler's victory, Shreve & Lamb, the consulting architects of the Bank of Manhattan Building, wrote a newspaper article claiming that their building was actually the tallest, since it contained the world's highest usable floor. They pointed out that the observation deck in the Bank of Manhattan Building was nearly 30 m (100 ft) above the top floor in the Chrysler Building, whose surpassing spire was strictly ornamental and inaccessible. [6]At present, the Burj Khalifa tops the list by some margin, regardless of which criterion is applied. [7] [8]Tallest buildings in the world (350 m+)As of 2018, this list includes all 56 buildings (completed and architecturally topped out) which reach a height of 350 metres (1,148 ft) or more, as assessed by their highest architectural feature. Of these, 27 (48%) are in China. Six of the last seven buildings to have held the record as ' tallest building ' are still found in the list, with the exception being the North Tower of the original World Trade Center after its dest
Rule the World Format: Audio CD. The song Rule the World was featured in the motion picture Stardust which was released in the US this year. Although little known in the US, Take That is a top act in Europe and thing song has hit the top 10 list in the UK immediately after its release.
Preterite The preterite (in English also preterit) is a grammatical tense or verb form serving to denote events that took place or were completed in the past.
2002 Nobel Peace Prize support human rights defenders around the world and have intervened with heads of state on their behalf. In 2002, President Carter received the Nobel Peace Prize for his work "to find peaceful solutions to international conflicts, to advance democracy and human rights, and to promote economic and social development" through The Carter Center. Three sitting presidents, Theodore Roosevelt, Woodrow Wilson, and Barack Obama, have received the prize; Carter is unique in receiving the award for his actions after leaving the presidency. He is, along with Martin Luther King, Jr., one of two native Georgians to receive the Nobel. 2002 Nobel
The Good Doctor  (TV series) The Good Doctor (TV series) The Good Doctor is an upcoming American medical-drama television series, developed by David Shore and Daniel Dae Kim, based on the 2013 South Korean series of the same name. The show is produced by Sony Pictures Television and ABC Studios, with Shore serving as showrunner.
One thought I had was that in the past it could literally bring you good luck. Many coins were made from silver. Silver disinfects water, so if you throw it into local wells, you're more likely to have clean water.
Jeepers Creepers 3 Jeepers Creepers 3 Jeepers Creepers 3 is a 2017 American horror film written and directed by Victor Salva and the third "Jeepers Creepers" film, taking place in between "Jeepers Creepers" and "Jeepers Creepers 2." Jonathan Breck reprises his role as the Creeper. Gina Philips returns in a cameo as Trish Jenner, her first return to the series since the original film. The film was shown in theaters on September 26, 2017 in what was originally announced as a one-night-only showing and was then shown again on October 4, 2017. A shuriken flies through the air and hits a wooden post
Assuming that you're in a vacuum, you would not be able to make yourself spin. Your ~~moment of inertia~~ angular momentum would be the same, regardless of what you did. There's no motion you could you do that you wouldn't counteract by stopping that motion. If you threw something you could make yourself spin though, and that would be propulsion.  However if you were in air and weightless, flailing in some kind of "swimming" motion could indeed be used to spin you, or even for propulsion, because you can push off of the air.
Get contact information.
Who Is Mother Earth? On average, humans are not the nicest people and Mother Earth is a mirror of our collective consciousness, which, at this stage, is generally highly un-evolved relative to all the beings in the cosmos. Mother Earth evolved into a conscious being with her own thoughts and feelings.However, her state of mind is very much a reflection of our collective state of mind. She will always remain part of the human consciousness and we will always remain part of her consciousness.other Earth evolved into a conscious being with her own thoughts and feelings. However, her state of mind is very much a reflection of our collective state of mind. She will always remain part of the human consciousness and we will always remain part of her consciousness.
The Great Buck Howard The Great Buck Howard is a 2008 American comedy-drama film directed by Sean McGinly that stars Colin Hanks and John Malkovich . Tom Hanks also appears as the father of his real-life son 's character . The character Buck Howard is inspired by the mentalist The Amazing Kreskin , whose popularity was at its height in the 1970s . The film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival on January 18 , 2008 . It is the first Walden Media film to be distributed by Magnolia Pictures .
What Are Nanoparticles? A nanoparticle is an ultra fine particle with at least one dimension between 1-100 nanometers (nm). One nanometer is equal to one billionth of a meter. The lower size limit helps to distinguish a particle from random clusters of atoms. The upper limit is the largest at which size related property differences normally manifest themselves. This definition is widely accepted, though it is a bit arbitrary. There are published references to nanoparticles at sizes outside the 1-100 nm range. What makes such particles of interest to scientists are the unique material properties that sometimes result from their size. When particles manifest such properties, they will likely be considered nanoparticles even if they do not fit precisely within the defined size range. It is not necessarily the case that a nanoparticle will display property differences from larger instances of the same material. When it does occur, the property differences may be due to quantum effects. It is also true that at the nanoscale, particles of a material have a relatively larger surface area compared to their volume. The proportionally larger exposed surface can make nanoparticles much more chemically active. This may be another cause of their unexpected properties. Ad A quantum dot is a semiconductor nanoparticle about 1-20 nm in diameter. Its structure is essentially the same as larger semiconductors. The electronic properties it displays can be very different, however. These properties are the result of the quantum size effect. When physical size approaches the wavelength of an electron, the relationship between voltage and conductance can be different than at larger scales. Gold and silver are relatively inert in bulk amounts. On the nanoscale, however, they demonstrate unique catalytic properties. For example, silver nanoparticles are an effective antibiotic. Nanoparticles of gold have proven to be efficient at removing volatile organic compounds from the atmosphere, even at room temperature. Nanotechnology is concerned with making use of the unique properties of these ultra fine particles to engineer systems that function on the molecular or atomic levels. The special properties of the particles are seen to have potential in computer technology, medicine and environmental engineering. They may also form the building blocks for complex devices designed to operate on the microscopic level. Concerns have been expressed about human exposure to nanoparticles. Animal research has demonstrated that some types of nanoparticles can reach the brain and other organs when inhaled. Inflammation and fibrosis in the lungs has also been reported. Explosion and fire in the workplace have proven to be the principle hazards of these particles, however. Ad 
Rose Batiste Rose Batiste is an American rhythm and blues singer from 1960s Detroit, Michigan. Her best known tracks were "I Miss My Baby" written by Richard Parker as "D. Peoples", and "Hit And Run". In 1970, Ian Levine brought records from the U.S. to England, including Rose Batiste's "Hit and Run". Batiste was filmed performing at the Blackpool Mecca for the video collection "The Strange World of Northern Soul" by Ian Levine. She drew a following after being rediscovered in England during the Northern Soul movement.
Directory Directory. A directory is a location for storing files on your computer. Directories are found in a hierarchical file system, such as DOS, OS/2, Unix, etc. When referring to a directory, a user commonly indicates the name of the directory.owever, a directory and folder are synonymous. Below is an example of what a directory path would look like in MS-DOS. In the above example, C: is the drive letter and the current directory is System32, which is a subdirectory of the Windows directory.
Women can go bald, but male pattern baldness, specifically is a recessive trait on the X chromosome, meaning that it will only be expressed if you dont have a dominant version of that trait. Women have two chances to receive the dominant version (they're XX), but men only have one chance (they're XY), making it more common in men
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
How Does Baby Oil Help Hair Grow Fast? Gently massaging in a small bit of baby oil stimulates the scalp and increases circulation. This brings nutrient-rich blood to the follicles and this increases growth. Massaging also increases the production of the natural oils of the scalp which is great if you have dry hair.
Mary Hershberger: What Is the True Story of McCainâs Wartime Experience? Roundup: Historians' Take. [Mary Hershberger is a historian, teacher, and author of Jane Fonda's War: A Political Biography of an Antiwar Icon, and Traveling to Vietnam: American Peace Activists and the War.
Is the driving theory test hard? Report Abuse. No the theory test is not that hard. If you prepare for it that is. You can use theory test software to help you with this. The hazard perception is the actual part and is a bit hard in that you have to concentrate one hundred percent.
Gerald Kaufman O'Connor in 1929. Former Prime Minister and Leader of the Labour Party Tony Blair praised Kaufman's work and said they had been close friends since Blair was first elected to the House of Commons in 1983. Gerald Kaufman Sir Gerald Bernard Kaufman (21 June 1930 – 26 February 2017) was a British Labour politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1970 until his death in 2017, first for Manchester Ardwick and then for Manchester Gorton. He was a government minister in the 1970s and a member of the Shadow Cabinet in the 1980s. Knighted in 2004, he
- PNF stretching, or proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation stretching, is a set of stretching techniques commonly used in clinical environments to enhance both active and passive range of motion in order to improve motor performance and aid rehabilitation.n the early to mid 1900s physiologist Charles Sherrington popularized a model for neuromuscular facilitation and inhibition. This subsequently led Herman Kabat, a neurophysiologist, to develop the clinical PNF stretching technique using natural movement patterns.
Use Python/Pandas to Match Sample Pairs Yearly Data
The Four Cerebral Cortex Lobes of the Brain Science, Tech, Math ›Science The Four Cerebral Cortex Lobes of the Brain Share Flipboard Email Print Credit: Medical RF.com/Getty Imagesby Regina Bailey Updated March 02, 2018The cerebral cortex is the layer of the brain often referred to as gray matter. The cortex (thin layer of tissue) is gray because nerves in this area lack the insulation that makes most other parts of the brain appear to be white. The cortex covers the outer portion (1.5mm to 5mm) of the cerebrum and cerebellum. The cerebral cortex is divided into four lobes. Each of these lobes is found in both the right and left hemispheres of the brain. The cortex encompasses about two-thirds of the brain mass and lies over and around most of the structures of the brain. It is the most highly developed part of the human brain and is responsible for thinking, perceiving, producing and understanding language. The cerebral cortex is also the most recent structure in the history of brain evolution. Cerebral Cortex Lobes Function Most of the actual information processing in the brain takes place in the cerebral cortex. The cerebral cortex is located in the division of the brain known as the forebrain. It is divided into four lobes that each have a specific function. For example, there are specific areas involved in movement and sensory processes (vision, hearing, somatosensory perception (touch), and olfaction). Other areas are critical for thinking and reasoning. Although many functions, such as touch perception, are found in both the right and left cerebral hemispheres, some functions are found in only one cerebral hemisphere. For example, in most people, language processing abilities are found in the left hemisphere. Four Cerebral Cortex Lobes Parietal Lobes: These lobes are positioned posteriorly to the frontal lobes and above the occipital lobes. They are involved in receiving and processing of sensory information. The somatosensory cortex is found within the parietal lobes and is essential for processing touch sensations. Frontal Lobes: These lobes are positioned at the front-most region of the cerebral cortex. They are involved with movement, decision-making, problem-solving, and planning. The right frontal lobe controls activity on the left side of the body and the left frontal lobe controls activity on the right side. Occipital Lobes: Located just below the parietal lobes, the occipital lobes are the main center for visual processing. The visual information is sent to the parietal lobes and temporal lobes for further processing. Temporal Lobes: These lobes are located directly below the frontal and parietal lobes. They are involved with memory, emotion, hearing, and language. Structures of the limbic system, including the olfactory cortex, amygdala, and the hippocampus are located within the temporal lobes. In summary, the cerebral cortex is divided into four lobes that are responsible for processing and interpreting input from various sources and maintaining cognitive function. Sensory functions interpreted by the cerebral cortex include hearing, touch, and vision. Cognitive functions include thinking, perceiving, and understanding language. Divisions of the Brain Forebrain - encompasses the cerebral cortex and brain lobes. Midbrain - connects the forebrain to the hindbrain. Hindbrain - regulates autonomic functions and coordinates movement. * Portions of this material adapted from NIH Publication No.01-3440a and "Mind Over Matter" NIH Publication No. 00-3592.cite 
What is the Average Price of a Cow? Average Cow Cost Average Cow Cost. Similar to everything else you can buy, the price of a cow differs depending on numerous factors like size, age, breed and health. For example, while a calf may cost somewhere in the range of $300- $400, a full grown cow goes for around $650. Again, this is for a more common breed.
SHARKS: Jack Feirerra (was SHARKS: Kingston Fired!!!)
This comment is not toxic.
There are a couple good replies here: _URL_0_
- Cages & Supplies. A bearded dragon will need space. The bare minimum size is 36″ x 12″ x 18″ for one lizard. Bigger is always better and much bigger is essential if you house more than one dragon in a cage. An aquarium or a terrarium fitted with a screened top can make a nice home for your pet.
Securities market From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article does not cite any sources. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (June 2012) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Courtyard of the Amsterdam Stock Exchange ( Beurs van Hendrick de Keyser in Dutch), the foremost centre of global securities markets in the 17th century. The Dutch Republic is often considered to be the birthplace of the world's first fully fledged securities market in its modern sense. [1] [2] [3] [4]Securities market is a component of the wider financial market where securities can be bought and sold between subjects of the economy, on the basis of demand and supply. Securities markets encompasses equity markets, bond markets and derivatives markets where prices can be determined and participants both professional and non professionals can meet. Securities markets can be split into below two levels. Primary markets, where new securities are issued and secondary markets where existing securities can be bought and sold. Secondary markets can further be split into organised exchanges, such stock exchanges and over-the-counter where individual parties come together and buy or sell securities directly. For securities holders knowing that a secondary market exists in which their securities may be sold and converted into cash increases the willingness of people to hold stocks and bonds and thus increases the ability of firms to issue securities. There are a number of professional participants of a securities market and these include; brokerages, broker-dealers, market makers, investment managers, speculators as well as those providing the infrastructure, such as clearing houses and securities depositories. A securities market is used in an economy to attract new capital, transfer real assets in financial assets, determine price which will balance demand and supply and provide a means to invest money both short and long term. Contents [ hide ]1 Conditions2 Levels of securities market2.1 Primary market2.2 Secondary market2.3 Over-the-counter market3 Main financial instruments3.1 Promissory note3.2 Certificate of deposit3.3 Bond3.4 Stocks (shares)3.4.1 Common shares3.4.2 Preferred share4 Professional participants5 See also6 References Conditions [ edit]A securities market is a system of interconnection between all participants (professional and nonprofessional) that provides effective conditions:to attract new capital by means of issuing new security (securitization of debt)to transfer real asset into financial assetto invest money for short or long term periods with the aim of deriving profitabilitycommercial function (to derive profit from operation on this market)price determination (demand and supply balancing, the continuous process of prices movements guarantees to state correct price for each security so the market corrects mispriced securities)informative function (market provides all participants with market information about participants and traded instruments)regulation function (securities market creates the rules of trade, contention regulation, priorities determination)Transfer of ownership (securities markets transfer existing stocks and bonds from owners who no longer desire to maintain their investments to buyers who wish to increase those specific investments Insurance (hedging) of operations though securities market (options, futures, etc. )Levels of securities market [ edit]Primary market [ edit]Main article: Primary market The primary market is that part of the capital markets that deals with the issue of new securities. Companies, governments or public sector institutions can obtain funding through the sale of a new stock or bond issue. This is typically done through a syndicate of securities dealers. The process of selling new issues to investors is called underwriting. In the case of a new stock issue, this sale is a public offering. Dealers earn a commission that is built into the price of the security offer
Imagine you are in an elevator, and you are holding bowling ball out in front of you with an extended arm If the elevator falls, you and the ball will also start falling--but you won't all stop falling at exactly the same time. First, the elevator will hit the ground, then your feet will hit the floor of the elevator, but the ball will continue to fall for a fraction of a second longer than your body, so it will feel to your arm as if you are trying to "catch" a falling bowling ball, and it will rip out of your hand and hit the floor of the elevator. The same thing happens to your insides if you suddenly decelerate, like from the impact after a fall or a car crash. First your body hits something, then all your organs slam down (or forward) against the inside of your body. When this happens, because your heart is fairly heavy it can pull forward suddenly with enough force to rip away from the less dense, more supported aorta.
I don't think it's so much marketing as it is that they need to make sure their localization is complete, their servers in that country need to be ready to go, and each country has a different ratings board and certification process that must be passed before a game can be sold.  It might be intentional in very few cases but for the most part it just boils down to that.
Why PMS Gives You Insomnia Rising and falling levels of the hormones estrogen and progesterone, which regulate the menstrual cycle, can affect a woman's ability to fall and stay asleep -- as well as influence the quality of her sleep.
Anni-Frid Lyngstad Anni-Frid Synni , Princess Reuss of Plauen ( Anni-Frid Synni , Prinzessin Reuss von Plauen born Anni-Frid Synni Lyngstad , -LSB- ² ɑnːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑ -RSB- ; -LSB- ² anːɪˌfriːd ˈlʏŋstɑːd -RSB- , 15 November 1945 ) , widely known as Frida Lyngstad or by just the mononym Frida ( -LSB- ² friːdɑ -RSB- ; -LSB- ² friːda -RSB- ) , is a Swedish pop and jazz singer . Born in Norway to a Norwegian mother and a German father , she grew up in Sweden and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA , which has sold over 380 million albums and singles worldwide , making them one of the best-selling music artists in history . After the break-up of ABBA , she continued an international solo singing career with mixed success , releasing the albums Something 's Going On ( 1982 ) and Shine ( 1984 ) ; the latter being her last international album to date . In 1996 , Frida recorded a final album in Swedish ( Djupa andetag ) before ` retiring ' from music .   In April 1964 , aged 18 she married Ragnar Fredriksson . Immediately after their divorce in 1970 , Lyngstad courted eventual ABBA band member Benny Andersson , co-habiting until they officially married in 1978 . The couple separated in 1980 and divorced in 1981 . In 1992 , Lyngstad married Heinrich Ruzzo , Prince Reuss of Plauen , who was a prince of the former sovereign House of Reuss ; since then she holds the titles of Princess Reuss and Countess of Plauen with the style of Her Serene Highness . The prince died of lymphoma in October 1999 . Lyngstad currently lives in Zermatt , Switzerland , sharing a home with her British boyfriend , Henry Smith , 5th Viscount Hambleden , since 2008 .
Polydactyl cat Polydactyl cat From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search One of the polydactyl cats at the Ernest Hemingway House in Key West, Florida; this particular cat has 26 toes A polydactyl cat is a cat with a congenital physical anomaly called polydactyly (or polydactylism, also known as hyperdactyly), that causes the cat to be born with more than the usual number of toes on one or more of its paws. Cats with this genetically inherited trait are most commonly found along the East Coast of North America (in the United States and Canada) and in South West England and Wales. Contents [ hide ]1 Occurrence2 History and folklore3 Naming4 Breeding5 Genetics6 See also7 References8 Further reading9 External links Occurrence [ edit]Kitten with 23 toes True polydactyly is a congenital abnormality, genetically inherited as an autosomaldominant trait of the ZRS cis element of the Pd gene with incomplete penetrance. [1]Normal cats have a total of 18 toes, with five toes on each fore paw, and four toes on each hind paw; polydactyl cats may have as many as eight digits on their front and/or hind paws. Both Jake, a Canadian polydactyl cat, and Paws, an American polydactyl cat, were recognised by Guinness World Records as having the highest number of toes on a cat, 28. [2] Various combinations of anywhere from four to seven toes per paw are common. [3] Polydactyly is most commonly found on the front paws only, it is rare for a cat to have polydactyl hind paws only, and polydactyly of all four paws is even less common. Feline radial hypoplasia (see squitten) is a mimic of polydactyly and is considered a severe condition. Radial hypoplasia may cause the formation of extra jointed toes, but it is not a result of the gene normally associated with polydactyls. It thus does not cause the "mitten cat" or "thumb cat" condition where the extra toes occur separated from the normal ones just like a dewclaw, usually associated with an additional pad which makes them look like an underdeveloped foot sticking out near the base of the normal toes. Rather, radial hypoplasia-related extra toes are immediately adjacent to the normal ones, giving the cat overly large, flat feet — colloquially known as " patty feet" or "hamburger feet". Though this looks less serious than true polydactyly (as the feet appear "normal" apart from having one or two extra toes), breeding such cats will eventually result in severely disabled offspring. [ citation needed]History and folklore [ edit]Right front paw of a polydactyl cat. Circles represent digits. The circle with a question mark indicates what might be a separate digit. The rightmost circle is for a small, underdeveloped, clawless digit. Preaxial polydactyly, Hemingway mutant: Frequency of polydactylous digits per individual The condition seems to be most commonly found in cats along the East Coast of North America (in the United States and Canada) and in South West England, Wales and Kingston-upon-Hull. Polydactyl cats have been extremely popular as ship's cats. Although there is some controversy over whether the most common variant of the trait originated as a mutation in New England or was brought there from Britain, there seems to be agreement that it spread widely as a result of cats carried on ships originating in Boston, Massachusetts, and the prevalence of polydactyly among the cat population of various ports correlates with the dates when they first established trade with Boston. [4] Contributing to the spread of polydactyl cats by this means, sailors were long known to value polydactyl cats especially for their extraordinary climbing and hunting abilities as an aid in controlling shipboard rodents. Some sailors thought they bring good luck at sea. [5]Genetic work studying the DNA basis of the condition however indicates that many different mutations can all lead to polydactyly. [1]Nobel Prize -winning author Ernest Hemingway was a famous aficionado of polydactyl cats, after being first given a six-toed cat by a ship's captain. Upon Hemingway's death in 1961, his former home in Key West, F
Amashsai Amashsai ("Amashai" in the King James Version) was a biblical character. The son of Azareel, he was appointed by Nehemiah to reside at Jerusalem and do the work of the temple. He merits only one mention in the whole Bible, in Nehemiah 11:13.
Well, you have [Kuru](_URL_1_) (which probably is very similar to [Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease](_URL_2_)). Note that this is not due to microorganisms, but a particular type of protein which causes [ice-nine](_URL_0_) style chain reactions in the brain. Scary stuff. Don't eat brains, kids.
Definitions &Translations man′i-tō, n. a spirit or other object of reverence among some of the American Indians.—Also Manitou. [Algonkin.]
Marble Island LlcKetchikan - Nonresidential Contractors Advertisement Share Overview Company Information Organization Marble Island Llc Alternate Names Marble Construction Industry Nonresidential Contractors Office Address355 Carlanna Lake Rd # 100Ketchikan, Alaska 99901-5614United States Contact Information General Phone Number (907) 220-9916Website http://www.marbleconstruction.net Competitor Snapshot Organization Office Address Sales Volume (Estimated) Total Employees North End Construction & Logistics LLC Block 3 Lot 2 $700,000 USD 10Smart Construction Inc 34 Ridge Rd $386,457 USD 2Light Island Construction Inc. 162 Beacon Hill Ln $300,000 USD 4Other Companies in the Nonresidential Contractors Industry in Ketchikan, AKIndustries NAICS 1: Commercial and Institutional Building Construction SIC 1: Nonresidential Construction, Nec Size Sales Volume (Estimated)$500,000 USDEmployees at This Location12Total Employees12Advertisement Share People Company Employees Note: This list of contacts is supplied by Dun & Bradstreet. For more details, refer to the "References" section. Advertisement Share Competitors Other Companies in the Nonresidential Contractors Industry in Ketchikan, AKResearch All Organizations in the Nonresidential Contractors Industry ›Find The Company is a corporate intelligence site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools. Deep insights from company data. Knowledge delivered. ›Advertisement Share Help Us Improve Who are you and what brings you to our site? An owner/employee of this business An individual doing investment research An individual seeking employment A professional researching a business competitor A professional researching a business partner A customer looking for company contact/product info Other Submit Advertisement Share Vehicle Fleet Vehicles Drivers Mileage More Overviewfleet size6miles per vehicle4,167vehicles per driver2.00Slightly Smaller Fleet, Predominantly Trucks Its fleet is small relative to the average fleet size of all federally-registered carriers. is 0.4 vehicles smaller than average when compared to all federally-registered carriers. Trucks are the most common type of unit, making up nearly 83% of the fleet. See More Fleet Data Share Other Companies at this Address Advertisement Share Industry Tools Compare Construction Software Research and compare more software for the construction industry. Find tools for contractors, architects, and developers on Software Insider's Construction Management Software research page. Software Insider provides product comparisons, reviews, and research on thousands of products and across dozens of software industries. Visit Software Insider to begin researching. Share Questions & Answers Q: What's the phone number for Marble Island Llc in Ketchikan, AK? A: The phone number for Marble Island Llc is (907) 220-9916. Q: How big is Marble Island Llc in Ketchikan, AK? A: The company has approximately 12 people at this location and generates an estimated $500,000 USD in annual revenue. Q: Where is Marble Island Llc located? A: Marble Island Llc is located at 355 Carlanna Lake Rd, #100, Ketchikan, AK 99901. Q: How long has Marble Island Llc in Ketchikan, AK been in business? A: Marble Island Llc was founded in 2010 and has been operating for 8 years. 
- Contact Success Magazine For your convenience to contact Success Magazine We have provided all possible information of Success Magazine. You can contact Success Magazine on the given phone number +1-800-570-6414, +1-940-497-9264. To know the address location of Success Magazine it is also presented here PO Box 292144, Kettering, Ohio 45429, United States. Contact them by sending email to Success Magazine you will find an email address here customerservice@success.com.
George W. Jenkins George W. Jenkins. George Washington Jenkins, Jr. (September 29, 1907 – April 8, 1996) was an American businessman and philanthropist who founded Publix Super Markets. As of 2016, the employee-owned, privately held corporation included 1,100 stores in the southeastern United States with 170,000 employees and sales of $32 billion.
Tongue Cancer Life Expectancy and Survival Rate Tongue Cancer Life Expectancy and Survival Rate Cancer » Tongue Cancer » Tongue Cancer Life Expectancy and Survival Rate Tongue cancer diagnosis is scary. Tongue cancer is a form of oral cancer that develops in the tongue covering flat cells. Cancer that develops into the front two -third part of the tongue is considered as oral cancer, while the cancer that develops on the back third part is considered as throat or oropharnygeal cancer. Tongue cancer is a rare type of cancer, and most patients diagnosed with it are in the age group of 60 -70 years. Tongue cancer life expectancy depends on several factors such as the stage of the cancer, the treatment options to be used, general health as well as the age of the patient. It is a thumb rule that if the cancer is diagnosed early, the patient should have better prognosis. Staging of cancer is significant, since it influences the prognosis and selection of the appropriate treatment option. Tongue cancer staging can also be help to determine the tongue cancer survival rate of a patient. Cancer staging is based on the extent at which the cancer cells have spread in to the body. Tongue cancer survival rate is based on the data from several different patients averaged or lumped together. Two patients at same tongue cancer stage may not have exactly similar symptoms. So, when it's about determining the long term survival rate along with the prognosis, one patient with stage IV tongue cancer may not have the same condition as the other patient with same stage. What are the stats of tongue cancer life expectancy? It is fact that majority of tongue cancer patients are men above 40 years. Use of tobacco increases the risk of tongue cancer; since men are the major users of tobacco products the rate of occurrence is much more in men as compared to their female counterparts. Due to the advancement in technology, the percentage of mortality due to tongue cancer has decreased since 1980. In America almost 8,000 people die due to tongue cancer each year. Regular cancer related checkup after the age of 40 is recommended. For the people in the age group of 20-39 years, this checkup should be performed once in three years. Statistics helps to get a rough idea about seriousness of the disorder worldwide. Smoking in combination with high rate of alcohol consumption (at heavy rate) is the potential risk factor for developing oral cancer. Heavy smokers are at high risk (24 times more) of getting tongue cancer. Smoking cigarettes, pipes or cigars, or using snuff or chewable tobacco is the prime risk factors which lead up to 80 to 90 percent of oral cancers. Although, 25percent of people diagnosed with tongue cancer are not allied with any of these risk factors. Tongue Cancer Survival Rate The overall tongue cancer survival rate is nearly 50 percent. Similar to other cancer types, the survival rates for tongue cancer are greatly based on the diagnosed stage of the cancer. If the cancer is localized, the five year survival rate for the patient could be 75 percent. If the cancer reaches at regional stage during diagnosis, it means the tumor has spread into the nearby lymph nodes then the five year survival rate is slightly above 50 percent. If the cancer is diagnosed at distant stage, meaning when the cancer cells have spread in most parts of the body, the five year survival rate is nearly 30 percent. Symptoms of tongue cancer involves white and red patches on the tongue, bleeding in mouth, development of sores that do not cure, tongue pain, persistent earache in neck due to development of lump along with difficulty in swallowing. This cancer can spread into the tissues and lymph nodes of the neck, which may eventually get spread into other body parts such as bones, liver and lungs. If you undergo any if these symptoms, make sure to visit your doctor immediately. This will help you to diagnose the cancer early and thus increase your tongue cancer life expectancy. Being aware of the significance of regular medical checkup can help you diagnose the cancer 
Writers contribute dialogue, narrative, theme, etc. Producers contribute money, mostly. Directors, on the other hand, take the input of writers and other creatives working on the film, as well as the talent of the actors themselves, and try to shape that into an artistic expression. They are the ones who can have a broad vision for how a scene might play out and not just *what* is said and done, but *how*. So while writers, producers, and others have their roles to play in the production, the director is the one person who can (or ought to) bring everything together into one package.
Electrons flow from the outer shells of metal atoms to the outer shells of other atoms. Some small area of metal has higher resistance to the flow, and begins to heat up. At a high temperature it may melt, or if resistance suddenly increases, maybe a spark. An arc is when the electrons flow through air. Generally, connecting the + and - makes low resistance, and the voltage of teh battery can cause lots of current. The energy in the battery is coming out rapidly. The battery may heat up, due to internal resistance, the wire connecting may heat up, and there may be sparks.
 Knowledge Base Topics• Class 1 Maths Demo• Class 6 Scienc Demo• Class 7 Maths Demo• Class 8 Maths Demo• Class 9 Biology Demo• Class 10 Physics Demo• Class 11 Physics Demo Explore Related Conceptsexamples of biotic factors in an ecosystem 
. Living with a diabetic cat Each diabetic cat responds differently to different therapies. Some cats are easier to regulate; others require more complex types of treatment. Some cats can be treated successfully through changes in diet and with oral medications. In cats with more severe diabetes, insulin injections may be required for the remainder of their lives. In general, treatment for diabetes falls into three categories: Insulin injections Oral hypoglycemic medications Diet Home monitoring & testing Ongoing and frequent home monitoring of your cat's glucose level is important both for ensuring that diabetes is under control and the long-term health maintenance of your pet. Home monitoring usually results in less stress on the cat and allows for closer, more precise control of blood glucose levels on a regular basis, which helps avoid the risk of hypoglycemic episodes. Home testing of glucose levels can be done with a similar type of blood glucose monitor used by humans. This method requires a small sample of blood that is taken from the cat for testing and generally provides an immediate reading of your cat's blood glucose level. In addition to monitoring glucose levels through the blood, caretakers can use urine glucose monitoring. However, urine glucose monitoring is generally not as accurate due to the lag time for glucose to go from the blood to the urine in the cat's body. It is recommended to consult with your veterinarian on the best way to monitor your cat's glucose. They can also provide valuable advice on which type (s) of monitors work best in cats, as well as train you on how to use and interpret the test results. When at home, you also should continually be aware of your cat's appetite, water consumption and urine output to determine what is normal behavior. Changes in your cat's eating and drinking habits, weight and urine output can be a sign that there is a problem and veterinary attention is needed. Diet Along with insulin and oral medications, maintaining a proper diet for your cat is important in a successful treatment program. Obesity is a major risk factor for diabetes and insulin sensitivity in most cats. If your cat is overweight, you and your veterinarian can tailor a safe weight loss regimen. Some cats respond better to carbohydrate-restricted diets and some respond well to high-fiber, complex carbohydrate rations. In addition to the type of diet fed, the feeding routine also is important, especially for cats receiving insulin injections. Ideally, a cat should be fed half its daily food requirement at the time of each injection, with the rest available throughout the day. When and how much to feed your cat should be discussed with your veterinarian as other factors may impact this process, (e.g., number of insulin injections/day or living in a multi-cat household). Insulin injections Most diabetic cats require insulin injections under the skin once or twice a day, depending on the diabetic severity, type of insulin used, dose, diet and other factors. Because each cat reacts differently to insulin, your veterinarian will most likely perform a blood glucose profile at various time points during the day to determine the proper insulin dosage and treatment program. Insulin dosage may change over time as the cat ages, and you may need to adjust the dosage based on new blood glucose profiles, test results and how the cat responds to therapy. It is very important to consult with a veterinarian before making any changes to your cat's insulin dose. Many factors are involved with a decision to increase or decrease dose and you want to avoid causing hypoglycemia in your cat. There are several different types of insulin available for use in managing your cat's diabetes. Some of the most common include protamine zinc (PZI) insulins, lente insulins, Humulin® and other human-type products. Oral hypoglycemic medications Some healthy diabetic cats can be successfully treated with orally administered hypoglycemic medications that lower blood glucose levels. Often, the use of these medications requires freque
01What Is Interior Design? 01What Is Interior Design? Interior design is a type of art that is both creative and practical. A well-designed interior is more than just beautiful; it’s also comfortable, safe, easy to spend time in and supports the purpose of the room. Interior designers are held to strict safety standards and are expected to make interiors that meet the needs of the clients while also ensuring that the environment will meet modern health codes, safety regulations, and other practical expectations. Interior design draws its influence from art theory, current trends and historical precedents. People who work as interior designers have in-depth knowledge of the history of interior design, a practical understanding of fabrics, a working knowledge of construction materials, and a thorough knowledge of present-day safety standards.02What Does an Interior Designer Do? Interior designers work with clients to discuss their vision for an interior space. Considering environmental factors, the history of a building, the expectations of the property owner and the general rules of two and three-dimensional design, interior designers create beautiful spaces where people enjoy spending time. Interior designers focus on the aesthetic beauty of the room as a unified whole. They experiment with different colors, patterns, and pieces of furniture until they find the right furnishings, the right arrangement, the right upholstery, carpeting and so on. All of this is done while accounting for safety standards, building codes and other factors that must be considered. Interior design is a growing industry with good job prospects and a good salary. With hard work and a little ingenuity, creative minded individuals who enjoy working with people, who have a knack for staying organized and managing large projects, and who understand and appreciate the concepts of design can enjoy a long-standing interior design career. Interior design is one of the ways in which an art student or aspiring artist can pursue a practical career with worldwide demand. Interior designers may be able to find work in any location where a consumer demand exists for professionals to facilitate beautiful interior design. For an artist who enjoys working with textiles and building materials, who has an appreciation for furniture, texture, and flow, and who enjoys applying technical knowledge to their art creation, interior design is an excellent career choice. Common Duties and Functions of an Interior Designer An interior designer’s typical job duties are multi-faceted. A typical interior designer is expected to: Advise the client on the topic of interior design. Many clients are actively involved in the interior design process. Interior designers must answer questions and gather information from the client to meet the needs and personal preferences of the client. Work within the given budget for the client. The budget is a limiting factor that must be taken into consideration in any interior design project. It is the responsibility of the interior designer to find out that budget and stay within the expected parameters. Establishing a contract, putting expectations into writing and communicating clearly with the client can help the interior designer to work within these parameters. Work with contractors and architects. Often interior designers are involved in interior remodel and build projects. The interior designer is responsible for communicating with contractors and architects to ensure that the design features inside the homework with the architectural and building elements of the home. Create detailed interior design plans and then present them to the client for approval. No design is ever implemented without the approval of the property owner or job supervisor. Sometimes interior designers come up with very detailed plans only to have them refused by the client. When this happens, the client and designer must work carefully to re-work plans and devise a plan that works. Keep up with changes in trends, changes in materials and standards within the indus
Dry Lips Dry Lips Shop Concern Dry Lips Sun Protection Signs of Aging Explore Our Lip Care Collection Sugar Dream Lip Treatment Advanced Therapy$ 26.00ADD TO BAGSugar Punch Tinted Lip Treatment Sunscreen SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR CANDY TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR NOURISHING LIP BALM ADVANCED THERAPY$ 30.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR LIP TREATMENT ADVANCED THERAPY$ 26.00ADD TO BAGSUGA (RED) LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00Out Of Stock SUGAR POPPY TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR ROSÉ TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR PETAL TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR TULIP TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR NUDE TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR RUBY TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR FIG TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR HONEY TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR PASSION TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR BERRY TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR CORAL TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR LIP SERUM ADVANCED THERAPY$ 36.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR SPORT TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 30$ 25.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR LIP CARAMEL HYDRATING BALM$ 18.00ADD TO BAGSUGAR BLOOM TINTED LIP TREATMENT SUNSCREEN SPF 15$ 24.00ADD TO BAG 
Over-diagnosis and false self-diagnosis. For every person with an actual acute disorder, there are multiple parents telling doctors what they want to hear to get medication for children they can't control for some other reason and people who use it to cover their own spazzy behavior and lack of discipline. "LOL I'M SO ADD TODAY!"
- DeKalb County, GA Sales Tax Rate. The current total local sales tax rate in DeKalb County, GA is 7.000%. The December 2016 total local sales tax rate was also 7.000%. Follow @SaleTaxCom. Sale-Tax.com strives to have the most accurate tax percentages available but tax rates are subject to change at any time.
Centris 610 flaky?
Neil Young News Well, this is what we think it would be like... Cinnamon Girl by Neil Young & His Electric Band with Rick Rosas, Ben Keith, Chad Cromwell, Anthony Crawford and Pegi Young. Madison Square Garden, New York on December 16, 2008.It was the last stop on his 2008 North American Tour.nd as we scanned the Decade box album liner notes, we recall how Neil -- absolutely totally astonishingly -- wrote Down by the River, Cinnamon Girl, and Cowgirl in the Sand all in a single afternoon -- while sick and delirious with a 103 degree temperature.
Why are mermaids naked?
The Honorary Consul The Honorary Consul The Honorary Consul is a British thriller novel by Graham Greene, published in 1973. It was one of the author's own favourite works. The title is a reference to the diplomatic position known as an honorary consul. The story is set in the city of Corrientes, part of the Argentine Littoral, on the shore of the Paraná River. Eduardo Plarr is an unmarried medical doctor of English descent who when a boy left Paraguay with his mother to escape the political turmoil for Buenos Aires. His English father remained in Paraguay as a political rebel and aside
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
How to Make Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs If you have the type of stove burner that doesn't retain any heat when turned off, you might want to lower the temp to low, simmer for a minute, and then turn it off. Depending on how cooked you like your hard boiled eggs, the eggs should be done perfectly in 10-12 minutes.That said, depending on your altitude, the shape of the pan, the size of the eggs, the ratio of water to eggs, it can take a few minutes more.lder eggs are easier to peel than fresh eggs. If you are planning to make hard boiled eggs for Easter and want to make sure that the eggs are easy to peel, buy your eggs at least a week ahead of time (two weeks even better, they'll keep).
How Long Can Unsalted Butter Go Unrefrigerated? Not Too Long. Butter should be taken out of the refrigerator 10 to 15 minutes before using, advises the U.S. Department of Agriculture. But it takes longer than 15 minutes to bring butter to room temperature, which many recipes call for. Many professional bakers bring butter to room temperature overnight.
How Many Calories are in a Lamb Shank? Most cuts of lamb are lean and low in calories. Each 3-ounce cooked shank is between 150 and 185 calories. By trimming away as much fat as possible, you’ll be getting closer to the lower end of that range.he remaining half to two-thirds of the calories are from protein. You’ll get 23 to 24 grams of protein in a 3-ounce lamb shank, amounting to over 90 of the calories.
In developing countries, with high poverty and poor schooling opportunities, child labour is still prevalent. In 2010, sub-saharan Africa had the highest incidence rates of child labour, with several African nations witnessing over 50 percent of children aged 5–14 working. Worldwide agriculture is the largest employer of child labour. Vast majority of child labour is found in rural settings and informal urban economy; children are predominantly employed by their parents, rather than factories. Poverty and lack of schools are considered as the primary cause of child labour.
- Other California State University System Schools. San Diego State University's in-state tuition is more expensive than the average California State University System's in-state tuition ($6,762), but it is cheaper than the average public 4 year college in California's in-state tuition ($8,608).
- This fluoxetine price guide is based on using the Drugs.com discount card which is accepted at most U.S. pharmacies. The cost for fluoxetine oral capsule 10 mg is around  $13 for a supply of 14 capsules, depending on the pharmacy you visit.
- milk powder, almond milk, goat’s milk and water meaning demand for milk is elastic but acco rding to the survey given, it showed that most of the people said that milk does not have any substitute goods. Therefore milk will then be. inelastic.
Circle line (London Underground) Circle line (London Underground) The Circle line is a London Underground line in a spiralling shape, running from Hammersmith in the west to Edgware Road and then looping around central London back to Edgware Road. The railway is below ground in the central section and on the loop east of Paddington. Unlike London's deep-level lines, the Circle line tunnels are just below the surface and are of similar size to those on British main lines. Coloured yellow on the Tube map, the line serves 36 stations, including most of London's main line termini. Most of the route and all of
Rainbow (Kesha album) Rainbow (Kesha album) Rainbow is the third studio album by American singer Kesha. It was released on August 11, 2017 by Kemosabe and RCA Records. Primarily a pop record, "Rainbow" incorporates elements of pop rock, glam rock, neo soul, and country pop. Its lyrical themes range from letting go of the past, finding forgiveness within oneself for past mistakes, self-worth and, in some cases, female empowerment. Kesha assumed an integral role in the album's production and collaborated with several producers, including Ricky Reed, Drew Pearson, Ben Folds, and her mother Pebe Sebert. Following the release of her second studio album
Presidency of Bill Clinton From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For a chronological guide to this subject, see Timeline of the presidency of Bill Clinton. This article is part of a series about Bill Clinton Political positions Electoral history Family Public image Sexual misconduct allegations Governor of Arkansas1978 election 1980 campaign1982 reelection 1984 reelection1986 reelection 1990 reelection42nd President of the United States Presidency Timeline Policies Economic Gun Control Environmental Foreign Clinton Doctrine International trips Appointments Cabinet Judicial Appointments First term Campaign for the presidency Primaries1992 election1st inauguration NAFTA Health Security Act1994 midterm elections Economic policy Travelgate Whitewater Ameri Corps Dayton Agreement Second term Reelection campaign Primaries1996 reelection2nd inauguration Operation Infinite Reach Bombing of Yugoslavia Balanced Budget Clinton–Lewinsky scandal Impeachment One America Initiative Pardon controversy Post-presidency Presidential Library My Life Activities Clinton Foundation Clinton Bush Haiti Fund One America Appealv t e The presidency of Bill Clinton began at noon EST on January 20, 1993, when Bill Clinton was inaugurated as 42nd President of the United States, and ended on January 20, 2001. Clinton, a Democrat, took office following a decisive victory over Republican incumbent President George H. W. Bush and Independent businessman Ross Perot in the 1992 presidential election. Four years later, in the 1996 election, he defeated Perot and Republican Bob Dole to win re-election. During both elections, Clinton ran as a New Democrat, and many of his administration's policy proposals reflected his centrist, Third Way thinking. He was the first president elected after the end of the Cold War, the first Baby Boomer to become president, and also the first Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt to serve two full terms. He was succeeded by Republican George W. Bush, who won the 2000 presidential election. The nation experienced an extended period of economic prosperity during the Clinton presidency. Months into his first term, he signed the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, which raised taxes and set the stage for future budget surpluses. He won ratification of the North American Free Trade Agreement, a trade pact negotiated by President George H. W. Bush among the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Clinton's most ambitious legislative initiative, a plan to provide universal health care, never received a vote in Congress as he was unable to win sufficient congressional support for the policy. Clinton's party suffered a strong rebuke in the 1994 elections, and Republicans took control of both houses of Congress for the first time since the 1950s. The " Republican Revolution ," as the 1994 elections came to be known, empowered Congressional Republicans led by Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich to propose several conservative policies. While Clinton vetoed many of these policies, he also signed some, including the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act. Disagreements with Congressional Republicans led to two shutdowns of the federal government between 1995 and 1996. In foreign policy, Clinton's first term saw American interventions in Somalia, Haiti, and the Balkans. Clinton also appointed two Supreme Court Justices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer. Clinton's second term saw the first federal budget surpluses since the 1960s, but this was partially overshadowed by his impeachment in 1998. His impeachment arose after he denied having an affair with a White House intern, Monica Lewinsky. Though the House of Representatives voted to impeach Clinton, he was acquitted of all charges by the Senate. In 1997, Clinton signed into law a bill creating the State Children's Health Insurance Program, which was designed to help provide health care coverage for millions of children. In 1999, he signed the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which allowed for the consolidation of investment banks and commercial banks. In foreign polic
- It has no chips, cracks or hairlines. One seldom sees these souvenirs in all color. The bottom is stamped Made in Austria for P.W.Fleming, Druggist, Manson, Iowa Vienna. Manson is in Calhoun County.
Those lists of side-effects form a legal disclaimer: they can say you were warned before you got the drug.  I was on a clinical trial that had thousands of people in it, worldwide. A few people on the trial died, and that information was published. But that doesn't mean the deaths were *caused* by the drug. A minor side-effect at the wrong time can become a major side-effect in conjunction with another pre-existing condition. Or the deaths could have nothing to do with the drug at all since, well, people die.
What Is an Air Actuator? An air actuator, also called a pneumatic actuator, is a device made to produce motion through air pressure. Depending on how the actuator is set up, an air actuator is able to make either rotary or linear motion, and some special actuators can produce both. One of the most important parts of this type of actuator is the piston, which is directly responsible for how much power the device can output and may decrease the amount of incoming air pressure required. While this system is one of the strongest, the power will sharply decrease if there is anything blocking the air input. Every actuator is made to push other parts via motion, and a power source is needed to make this motion. With an air actuator, air pressure is the predominant energy. This tends to be stronger than other power sources and often leads to fewer electrical parts, but this actuator needs many mechanical parts. There needs to be parts, such as an air compressor and piston, to regulate and produce the air. Air also is cleaner than other methods, such as hydraulic, because liquids are not needed for the actuator to work. Like most actuators, an air actuator is able to create either rotary or linear movement. Rotary air actuators are able to create circular and angular movements, while linear air actuators move backward and forward. Some air actuators are able to combine both movement types, but most are one or the other. While there are many parts needed to make an air actuator, perhaps one of the most important is the piston. The piston is responsible for outputting energy by first being pushed by air pressure, which causes the piston to move downward. When the piston moves, it increases the incoming force and the output generally is about three times the incoming energy. If the piston is changed at all, it will alter how much pressure the air actuator outputs; a larger piston results in a stronger output. One of the major problems with using an air actuator is that the force can be sharply decreased if there is a leak or if there are any issues with the air pressure coming into the actuator. Any disruption in the air decreases the overall force of the actuator, so this system must be kept airtight and be maintained. If particles such as dust breach the actuator, then they also will decrease the effectiveness of this actuator. Ad You might also Like Recommended Related wise GEEK Articles What Is a Pneumatic Linear Actuator? What Is a Damper Actuator? What Is a Solenoid Valve Actuator? What are Pneumatic Actuators? What is a Cylinder Actuator? Ad Discuss this Article Post your comments Post Anonymously Loginusernamepasswordforgot password? Registerusernamepasswordconfirmemail 
What's the best method for creating a package? Hi, i've got a program that works fine using distutils. However, I am having hell of a time trying to figure out how to go from there and package a .deb or .rpm.

For .deb's i've created ~10line bash script that creates a deb and bundles a *control* file and installs fine. However, when using gdebi, it never shows as being installed even though it is.

For .rpms I cannot create a non-src rpm that handles dependencies. I understand how the *.spec* file works but I have no idea how to bundle that in.

Is packaging supposed to be this hard for python programs?
Stability of the Solar System involved constructing the Digital Orrery by Gerry Sussman and his MIT group in 1988. The group used a supercomputer to integrate the orbits of the outer planets over 845 million years (some 20 per cent of the age of the Solar System). In 1988, Sussman and Wisdom found data using the Orrery which revealed that Pluto's orbit shows signs of chaos, due in part to its peculiar resonance with Neptune. If Pluto's orbit is chaotic, then technically the whole Solar System is chaotic, because each body, even one as small as Pluto, affects the others to some extent through gravitational
Portuguese Translation Services Portuguese Translation Services. SDL FreeTranslation.com has everything you need for Portuguese translation. Our free translation website allows you to translate documents, text and web pages from English to Portuguese. For professional, human translations in Portuguese get an instant free quote from our expert translators.
Cellulitis Cellulitis is a bacterial infection involving the inner layers of the skin. It specifically affects the dermis and subcutaneous fat. Signs and symptoms include an area of redness which increases in size over a few days. The borders of the area of redness are generally not sharp and the skin may be swollen.
Can I Run Multiple Splitters From One Cable for Satellite TV? A splitter in the cable from a satellite dish divides the signal into two parts to connect to two receivers. However the signal in each direction loses more than half its power. An additional splitter will cut the signal power in half again.
This comment is not toxic.
I traded futures for a brief period in school using the BrokersXpress platform (now part of OptionsXpress, which is in turn now part of Charles Schwab). They had a virtual trading platform, and apparently still do, and it was excellent. Since my main account was enabled for futures, this carried over to the virtual account, so I could trade a whole range of futures, options, stocks, etc. I spoke with OptionsXpress, and you don't need to fund your acount to use the virtual trading platform. However, they will cancel your account after an arbitrary period of time if you don't log in every few days. According to their customer service, there is no inactivity fee on your main account if you don't fund it and make no trades. I also used Stock-Trak for a class and despite finding the occasional bug or website performance issue, it provided a good experience. I received a discount because I used it through an educational institution, and customer service was quite good (probably for the same reason), but I don't know if those same benefits would apply to an individual signing up for it.  I signed up for top10traders about seven years ago when I was in secondary school, and it's completely free. Unfortunately, you get what you pay for, and the interface was poorly designed and slow. Furthermore, at that time, there were no restrictions that limited the number of shares you could buy to the number of outstanding shares, so you could buy as many as you could afford, even if you exceeded the number that physically existed. While this isn't an issue for large companies, it meant you could earn a killing trading highly illiquid pink sheet stocks because you could purchase billions of shares of companies with only a few thousand shares actually outstanding. I don't know if these issues have been corrected or not, but at the time, I and several other users took advantage of these oversights to rack up hundreds of trillions of dollars in a matter of days, so if you want a realistic simulation, this isn't it.  Investopedia also has a stock simulator that I've heard positive things about, although I haven't used it personally.
702 Alauda (assuming it has the same albedo as the primary) and orbits Alauda in a nearly circular orbit at a distance of . Pichi üñëm takes 4.91 days to complete one orbit. It was named "Pichi üñëm", meaning "little bird" in the Mapuche language of Chile, the country from which the moon was discovered. Alauda has been identified as the largest member of the Alauda family, a dynamical family of bright carbonaceous asteroids with more than a thousand known members. Other members of this family include: 581 Tauntonia, 1101 Clematis, 1838 Ursa, 3139 Shantou, 3325 TARDIS, 4368 Pillmore, 5360 Rozhdestvenskij, 5815
- Gorky Central Park of Culture and Leisure (Russian: центральный парк культуры и отдыха (цпкио) имени горького , tr. Tsentralny park kultury i otdykha imeni Gorkogo; IPA: [tsɨnˈtralʲnɨj ˈpark kʊlʲˈturɨ i ˈoddɨxə ˈimɪnɪ ˈɡorkova]) is a central park in Moscow, named after Maxim Gorky. 1 History.
How Much do Mechanical Engineers Make? How Much do Mechanical Engineers Make? According to the BLS, mechanical engineers earned a median salary of $84,190 in 2016. The best-paid earned about $131,350, while the lowest-paid earned less than $54,420. Industries that pay well include oil and gas extraction as well as software publishers. Salary Outlook What is the Outlook for Mechanical Engineers? The mechanical engineering field is growing in both salary and job volume. The salary for a mechanical engineer has increased steadily since 2012. The BLS projects the mechanical engineer field will grow 9 percent by 2026, with 25,300 jobs added by that time. This is compared to an estimated 8 percent growth for those in general engineering positions. Best Paying Cities for Mechanical Engineers The highest paid in the mechanical engineer profession work in the metropolitan areas of Anchorage, Alaska, Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and Taunton, Massachusetts. The San Jose, California area also pays well, as does the city of Tyler, Texas. Anchorage, Alaska $145,900Tuscaloosa, Alabama $128,150Taunton, Massachusetts $125,300San Jose, California $121,470Tyler, Texas $114,150Top 5 Best Paying Cities for Mechanical Engineers1 of 5Anchorage, Alaska The average salary of a mechanical engineer working in Anchorage, Alaska is $145,900. Tuscaloosa, Alabama The average salary of a mechanical engineer working in Tuscaloosa, Alabama is $128,150. Taunton, Massachusetts The average salary of a mechanical engineer working in Taunton, Massachusetts is $125,300. San Jose, California The average salary of a mechanical engineer working in San Jose, California is $121,470. Tyler, Texas The average salary of a mechanical engineer working in Tyler, Texas is $114,150. Best Paying States for Mechanical Engineers The states and districts that pay mechanical engineers the highest mean salary are Alaska ($138,370), the District of Columbia ($108,340), New Mexico ($108,140), Louisiana ($104,020), and Texas ($103,060). Alaska $138,370District of Columbia $108,340New Mexico $108,140Louisiana $104,020Texas $103,060How Much do Mechanical Engineers Make in Your City? See current salary offers for jobs in your field. What is the Mechanical Engineer Salary by Place of Employment? In addition to region and education, factors such as specialty, industry and employer have an effect on a mechanical engineer's salary. The places of employment with the highest average annual salaries for this career are oil and gas extraction ($131,900); software publishers ($120,650); electronic and precision equipment repair and maintenance ($116,440); waste treatment and disposal ($112,310); and pipeline transportation of crude oil ($111,600). Frequently Asked Questions Q: How much does a mechanical engineer make in an hour? A: In 2016, mechanical engineers earned an average salary of $43.17 an hour. Q: How much do mechanical engineers earn in Seattle? A: Mechanical engineers made an average salary of $96,650 in Seattle in 2016. Average Mechanical Engineer Pay vs. Other Best Jobs With an average salary of $89,800 in 2016, mechanical engineers are filling their coffers at a higher rate than a number of jobs in similar fields. Civil engineers ($89,730) earn about the same. Computer programmers, by comparison, make $85,180. The gap is wider for fabricators ($40,000), in the social service industry, who work to assemble products. Still, some technology jobs, like information security analysts ($96,040), earn more than mechanical engineers. See Full List of Engineering Jobs »Jobs Related to Mechanical Engineer Computer Programmer - Average Salary $85,180 A computer programmer writes code that instructs everyday software programs to run. Civil Engineer - Average Salary $89,730 According to the American Society of Civil Engineers, the scope of the profession is "the design and maintenance of public works such as roads, bridges, water and energy systems as well as public facilities like ports, railways and airports." Information Security Analyst - Average Salary $96,040 An information security analyst des
Brown Girl in the Ring (song) Brown Girl in the Ring (song) "Brown Girl in the Ring" is a traditional children's song in the West Indies. It was originally featured in the game of the same name, thought to have originated in Jamaica. The song became internationally known when it was recorded by the group Boney M. in 1978. Originally it was the B-side of their hit "Rivers of Babylon", but became a hit in its own right. The song had previously been recorded by the group "Malcolm's Locks", leading to a dispute over royalties. The song had also been recorded in 1972 by the Bahamian
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
- Alternative uses of wool are increasing. Wool is a very useful product when oil spills occur. Pads made from wool can be used to soak up the oil. In 1999 when an oil spill occurred near Phillip Island, Australia, the Phillip Island penguins were fitted with wool sweaters.
Welcome! Stay Informed!Swift Reach Networks, Inc. Community Event Notifications Welcome!The Borough of Seaside Park, located on the Barnegat Barrier Island in Ocean County, New Jersey, was incorporated in 1898. Seaside Park is a small town of only 0.77 square miles with a year-round population of just over 2,200 residents. With almost two miles of shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean, the borough’s main industry is summer tourism. Seaside Park is bordered on the north by the Borough of Seaside Heights and its amusement arcades, rides and boardwalk. To the south is South Seaside Park, which is an unincorporated section of Berkeley Township, and Island Beach State Park. Seaside Park is located across the Barnegat Bay from Toms River, the county seat of Ocean County. It is easily reached by Route 37 from the west (Garden State Parkway exit 82 or Route 70 to Route 37 east) or Route 35 from the north (Garden State Parkway exit 98, Route 34 east to Route 35 south). News & Updates Notice: Hydrant Flushing Posted April 11, 2018IBSP Lecture Series American Littoral Society Posted March 23, 2018IBSP Lecture Series American Littoral Society Join Captain Al Modjeski, Restoration Director at the American Littoral Society. He will discuss the work that has been done in Barnegat Bay and showcase some of their most successful citizen science programs . An excellent opportunity to explore how the use of living shorelines and oyster reefs might benefit the Barnegat Bay area. When: Sunday, March 25, 2018 from 2:00 PM to 4:00 PM EDTIBSP – Forked River Interpretive Center Located at A-16Bay-Front Hazard Mitigation Project Posted March 23, 2018Bay-Front Hazard Mitigation Presentation 3-9-18Prepared by Pamela Hilla P. E., C. F. M. Borough Engineer Date: March 9, 2018Senior Luncheon Rescheduled to March 28, 2018. Posted March 20, 2018Due to expected inclement weather conditions Seaside Park’s Senior Luncheon has been rescheduled to March 28, 2018.2018 Parking Meter Enforcement in Effect Posted March 19, 2018To all residents and visitors, please be advised that starting April 1st 2018 Parking enforcement will remain in effect 24 hours a day, 7 day a week. Parking enforcement will remain in effect on a 24/7 basis through October 31st 2018. Butterfly Release- Saturday, June 2nd Posted March 16, 2018The Seaside Park Environmental Committee invites you to join us at our 2018 Butterfly Release program at the “Seaside Park Butterflies by the Bay” Monarch Waystation. The tentative date will be Saturday, June 2nd to coincide with the Fish Hat Parade. The Environmental Committee will provide butterfly kits, and caterpillar refills for those that kept last year’s kits. We will assemble in the garden as a group to set the butterflies free. Residents interested in rearing butterflies for release should contact Patricia Moglia by Tuesday, March 27th, at patricia.moglia@yahoo.com. Please state your name, email address, phone number, and whether you need a butterfly kit or caterpillar refill. Only one butterfly project per household will be provided, with priority given to first-time participants. We expect the butterfly kits and refills to be delivered in late April and we will contact you with details for pickup. Thank you for your support!Spaghetti & Meatball Dinner: Tri-Boro First Aid Squad Posted March 13, 2018Seeking Ice Cream Vendor For 2018Posted March 5, 2018The Borough of Seaside Park is seeking a private vendor to sell water and ice cream to beach goers during the 2018 summer season!Please see the link below for proposal information and vendor requirements: Ice Cream Proposal2018 Budget Presentation Posted February 26, 2018SSP_2018_Budget_Presentation_02-22-18-FINAL2018 Consumer Confidence Report Posted February 21, 20182018 Consumer Confidence Report2018 Garbage & Recycling Schedule Posted January 23, 2018The full 2018 Garbage & Recycling Schedule has been posted. It is also available at Borough Hall (1701 North Ocean Ave), Construction Dept (4th & Central Ave – use 4th Ave side door), Seaside Park Police Department (6th & Central Aves), Recycling Cente
Gas vs. Electric Dryers Gas vs. Electric Dryers When looking at dryers, you'll need to choose between gas- and electric-powered dryers. For the most part, both types deliver comparable performance: both do a great job of drying your clothes, and both come in a variety of capacities with a range of special functions. The main differences are related to installation, cost, drying speed and energy efficiency. Read on for a detailed description of the differences between gas and electric dryers. Gas Dryers Electric Dryers Vent required Yes Not always Initial cost*Higher Lower Cost of upkeep Lower Higher Power requirement Dedicated gas line 240 V outlet Drying speed Faster Slower Gas Dryers Advantages of gas dryers Less Expensive Upkeep - Gas dryers are usually a bit less expensive to operate than electric dryers, although this depends on the cost of gas and electricity in your area. Faster - Gas dryers heat up and dry your clothes faster than electric dryers do, making them a little more energy efficient and gentle on fabrics. Limitations of gas dryers Vent Required - All gas dryers require a vent to the outside. More Expensive Initially - Gas dryers tend to be a little more expensive than comparable electric dryers. Gas Line Required - Gas dryers require a dedicated gas line that must be professionally installed. Electric Dryers Advantages of electric dryers No Gas Line Required - Electric dryers do not require a gas line. Ventless Models - Some electric dryers do not need to be vented to the outside, making electric your only choice if you can't vent your dryer. Less Expensive Initially - Electric dryers tend to be a little cheaper than comparable gas dryers. Limitations of electric dryers More Expensive Upkeep - Though it depends on the energy costs in your area, electric dryers are typically a little more expensive to operate than gas dryers.240 V Outlet Required - Most electric dryers require a 240 V outlet, which most laundry rooms will have. If yours doesn't, however, you'll need to use a converter or hire an electrician. A typical wall outlet in the United States is 120 V. Slower - Electric dryers tend to heat up more slowly and take longer to dry your clothes than gas dryers do, which means that electric dryers use more energy. 
Glacier A glacier ( -LSB- pronˈɡleɪʃər -RSB- or -LSB- ˈɡlæsiə -RSB- ) is a persistent body of dense ice that is constantly moving under its own weight ; it forms where the accumulation of snow exceeds its ablation ( melting and sublimation ) over many years , often centuries . Glaciers slowly deform and flow due to stresses induced by their weight , creating crevasses , seracs , and other distinguishing features . They also abrade rock and debris from their substrate to create landforms such as cirques and moraines . Glaciers form only on land and are distinct from the much thinner sea ice and lake ice that form on the surface of bodies of water .   On Earth , 99 % of glacial ice is contained within vast ice sheets in the polar regions , but glaciers may be found in mountain ranges on every continent except Australia , and on a few high-latitude oceanic islands . Between 35 ° N and 35 ° S , glaciers occur only in the Himalayas , Andes , Rocky Mountains , a few high mountains in East Africa , Mexico , New Guinea and on Zard Kuh in Iran . Glaciers cover about 10 percent of Earth 's land surface . Continental glaciers cover nearly 5 e6sqmi or about 98 percent of Antarctica 's 5.1 e6sqmi , with an average thickness of 7,000 ft. Greenland and Patagonia also have huge expanses of continental glaciers .   Glacial ice is the largest reservoir of fresh water on Earth . Many glaciers from temperate , alpine and seasonal polar climates store water as ice during the colder seasons and release it later in the form of meltwater as warmer summer temperatures cause the glacier to melt , creating a water source that is especially important for plants , animals and human uses when other sources may be scant . Within high altitude and Antarctic environments , the seasonal temperature difference is often not sufficient to release meltwater .   Because glacial mass is affected by long-term climatic changes , e.g. , precipitation , mean temperature , and cloud cover , glacial mass changes are considered among the most sensitive indicators of climate change and are a major source of variations in sea level .   A large piece of compressed ice , or a glacier , appears blue as large quantities of water appear blue . This is because water molecules absorb other colors more efficiently than blue . The other reason for the blue color of glaciers is the lack of air bubbles . Air bubbles , which give a white color to ice , are squeezed out by pressure increasing the density of the created ice .
Goodyear Aerospace to the Goodyear Blimp designs (GZ-20 and GZ-22) were sold to Lockheed Martin, which purchased the defense systems unit in 1993. While owning the designs, Lockheed Martin does not manufacture any airship products. Goodyear Aerospace Goodyear Aerospace Corporation was the aerospace and defense subsidiary of Goodyear. The company was originally operated as a division within Goodyear as part of a joint project with Luftschiffbau Zeppelin, leading to the famous Goodyear Blimps. As part of the failing relationship between the US and Germany in the pre-war era, the division was spun off as Goodyear Aircraft Company in 1939. In 1941 they
Hormonal birth control is exactly that, hormones. By taking the pill at the same time every day, you're keeping the level of hormones constant, which makes them most effective.
Asthma is when an immune system reaction in the lungs causes the bronchi of the lungs to spasm. Both the immune system reaction, and the spasms, are completely out of the control of the person experiencing them. They are autonomic actions the body just does by itself.
Bullous Pemphigoid Bullous pemphigoid is an autoimmune disease that causes blistering of the skin. Bullous pemphigoid occurs when the immune system attacks the skin and causes blistering. People develop large, itchy blisters with areas of inflamed skin. Doctors can diagnose bullous pemphigoid by examining skin samples under a microscope and checking for certain antibody deposits.
Monocot: Definition, Function & Examples Monocots have a trimerous flower, or a flower with parts in multiples of three. You can simply count the petals of a flower, and if you can divide the total number by three, you probably have a monocot. As you can see in this image of a lily, there are six petals in total, a multiple of three. Lilies are a type of monocot. In fact, many big, showy flowers like lilies, daffodils, bluebells, irises, orchids, and tulips are monocots. But flowers aren't the only way to recognize a monocot.
Tattoo From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other uses, see Tattoo (disambiguation). Tattoo of the Hand of Fatima A rope-and-anchor tattoo, against the original sketch of the design A tattoo is a form of body modification where a design is made by inserting ink, dyes and pigments, either indelible or temporary, into the dermis layer of the skin to change the pigment. The art of making tattoos is tattooing. Tattoos fall into three broad categories: purely decorative (with no specific meaning); symbolic (with a specific meaning pertinent to the wearer); pictorial (a depiction of a specific person or item). Tattoos have historically been regarded in the West as 'uncivilised', and over the last 100 years the fashion has been associated mainly with sailors, working men and criminals. By the end of the 20th Century many Western stigmas of the tattoo culture had been dismissed and the practice has become more acceptable and accessible for people of all trades and levels of society. Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology2 Types2.1 Traumatic tattoos2.2 Subcultural Connotations2.3 Identification2.4 Cosmetic2.5 Functional2.6 Medical3 History3.1 United States3.1.1 Protection papers3.1.2 Freedom papers4 Process5 Associations5.1 Historical associations5.2 Modern associations6 Advertising and marketing7 Health risks8 Removal9 Temporary tattoos9.1 Types of temporary tattoos9.1.1 Decal-style temporary tattoos9.1.2 Metallic jewelry tattoos9.1.3 Airbrush temporary tattoos9.1.4 Henna temporary tattoos9.2 Temporary tattoo safety9.2.1 Decal-style temporary tattoo safety9.2.2 Airbrush tattoo safety9.2.3 Henna tattoo safety10 Religious views11 See also11.1 Styles11.2 Others12 References12.1 Bibliography12.2 Notes13 External links Etymology [ edit]This section needs additional citations for verification. (July 2016) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)A Māori chief with tattoos ( moko) seen by Cook and his crew The word tattoo, or tattow in the 18th century, is a loanword from the Samoan word tatau, meaning "to strike". [1] [2] The Oxford English Dictionary gives the etymology of tattoo as "In 18th c. tattaow, tattow. From Polynesian (Samoan, Tahitian, Tongan, etc.) tatau. In Marquesan, tatu." Before the importation of the Polynesian word, the practice of tattooing had been described in the West as painting, scarring, or staining. [3]This is not to be confused with the origins of the word for the military drumbeat or performance — see military tattoo. In this case, the English word tattoo is derived from the Dutch word taptoe. [4]The first written reference to the word tattoo (or tatau) appears in the journal of Joseph Banks (24 February 1743 – 19 June 1820), the naturalist aboard explorer Captain Cook 's ship the HMS Endeavour: "I shall now mention the way they mark themselves indelibly, each of them is so marked by their humour or disposition". The word tattoo was brought to Europe by Cook, when he returned in 1769 from his first voyage to Tahiti and New Zealand. In his narrative of the voyage, he refers to an operation called "tattaw". Tattoo enthusiasts may refer to tattoos as "ink", "pieces", "skin art", "tattoo art", "tats", or "work"; to the creators as "tattoo artists", "tattooers", or "tattooists"; and to places where they work as "tattoo shops", "tattoo studios", or "tattoo parlors". A tattooed man's back, Japan, c. 1875Mainstream art galleries hold exhibitions of both conventional and custom tattoo designs such as Beyond Skin, at the Museum of Croydon. Copyrighted tattoo designs that are mass-produced and sent to tattoo artists are known as " flash ", a notable instance of industrial design. Flash sheets are prominently displayed in many tattoo parlors for the purpose of providing both inspiration and ready-made tattoo images to customers. The Japanese word irezumi means "insertion of ink" and can mean tattoos using tebori, the traditional Japanese hand method, a Western-style machine, or any method of tattooing using insertion of ink. The most common word used for traditional Japanese tattoo designs is ho
This comment is not toxic.
In contrast to the entirely digital DVD, LaserDiscs use only analog video. As the LaserDisc format is not digitally encoded and does not make use of compression techniques, it is immune to video macroblocking (most visible as blockiness during high motion sequences) or contrast banding (subtle visible lines in gradient areas, such as out-of-focus backgrounds, skies, or light casts from spotlights) that can be caused by the MPEG-2 encoding process as video is prepared for DVD. Early DVD releases held the potential to surpass their LaserDisc counterparts, but often managed only to match them for image quality, and in some cases, the LaserDisc version was preferred. However, proprietary human-assisted encoders manually operated by specialists can vastly reduce the incidence of artifacts, depending on playing time and image complexity. By the end of LaserDisc's run, DVDs were living up to their potential as a superior format.
Trumpton to name them for fear of the area being "inundated with tourists". Episode titles were given in "Radio Times" but were not shown on-screen. Unusually, Trumpton Fire Brigade has two theme songs. The first, commencing with the famous roll call of firemen's names, accompanies every turnout of the Brigade; the second, ending every episode, forms the habitual tune played by the Brigade at the Thursday band concerts. The Fire Brigade appears in every episode. Captain Flack always has a speaking part, as do Fireman Grubb in episode 1 and Fireman Cuthbert in episode 10. In episode 4 the Mayor states
Lakewood (CO state) ZIP code Lakewood (CO state) ZIP code. ZIP code of Lakewood (CO) is 80123. Below you can find map of Lakewood, or look up other ZIP codes in Colorado or other US states.If Lakewood's ZIP code is duplicated, and other places have same ZIP code number, you can use our ZIP code searcher by number 80123.Lakewood have more then one ZIP code.akewood (CO state) ZIP code. ZIP code of Lakewood (CO) is 80123. Below you can find map of Lakewood, or look up other ZIP codes in Colorado or other US states.
Top 30 Doctor insights on: Gentamicin Sulfate Eye Drops For Pink Eye Yes.: Garamycin (gentamicin) is an acceptable front-line treatment for pink eye (conjunctivitis); however, as there is a lot of emerging resistance to some of these types of eye drops/ointments, if your toddler is not getting better after a couple of days, time to see your pediatrician for diagnosis and switch to more broad spectrum eye drops.
- Select Portfolio Servicing Customer Service Phone Number Phone Number of Select Portfolio Servicing is +1-904-722-7009, +1-800-258-8602, +1-800-641-2754. Select Portfolio Servicing Inc., is one of the Nation's fastest emerging residential mortgage servicing companies in the United States.
- The ones that have neck sweat censors do not work on mini Shetlands. Actual foaling tips The gestation time for a horse is approximately 11 months, or 340 days but in miniatures it can be as early as 315 days, we have found that 326 days would be a good average.his also gives the foal immunity which is important. You need to have all the preparations made and ready to go about 2 weeks before the first birth is expected; you never know when it might happen early. Have a clean stable prepared with clean, dry straw bedding.
How to load a module from code in a string?
Abusive people will nurture emotional dependence. My friend had a really shitty boyfriend. She didn't leave him for years and years because a) they'd bought a house together, and untangling that legally would be really complicated and b) **because he made her believe that no-one else would have her.** That if she left him she'd be giving up on a chance to ever be loved. (He was almost certainly not physically abusive, however.) He made her believe that she was too ugly, too broken for anyone else to tolerate.
We don't have an exact physical picture of how Hawking radiation works (although we have the math). Energy from the black hole excelerates one of the members of the virtual pair out into the universe. The black hole loses energy and mass if the member successfully escapes. The smaller the gravity well the more likely these particles are to escape. Hawking radiation must be produced just outside the event horizon because all paths inside the event horizon lead to the singularity. It also must occur just on the "surface" of the event horizon. Any further out and both particles would simply annihilate as usual. This tells us that the edge of the event horizon must be very sharp, if there is a gradient it has to be very very small.
Mohammad Yousuf (cricketer, born 1974) Mohammad Yousuf (cricketer, born 1974) Mohammad Yousuf (Punjabi, ; formerly Yousuf Youhana, ; born 27 August 1974) is a former Pakistani cricketer, who played all three formats and also a former captain of Tests and ODIs. A right-handed batsman, Yousuf was one of the few Christians to play for the Pakistan national cricket team, prior to his conversion to Islam in 2005. Yousuf scored 1,788 runs in 2006 which is a world record for most runs scored in a year in tests at an average of almost 100. Yousuf was banned from playing international cricket for Pakistan by the Pakistan
Red/Cyan Glasses + NVidia 3D Driver + Half Life 2 = Brain Melted If you've got an Nvidia card and a pair of the red/cyan glasses you can play a bunch of games in head splitting red/cyan 3d!



You've got to turn the graphics quality way down, which is fine because it screws up the color anyway.  I ordered a pair of glasses from amazon and I played Half Life 2 for a couple of hours and this is the most addictive headache I have ever had, hands down.
Christina Aguilera Christina María Aguilera ( born December 18 , 1980 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress and television personality . Born in Staten Island , New York and raised in Rochester and Wexford , Pennsylvania , she appeared on the television series Star Search and The Mickey Mouse Club in her early years . After recording `` Reflection '' , the theme for Disney 's 1998 film Mulan , Aguilera signed with RCA Records . She rose to prominence with her 1999 self-titled debut album that spawned the Billboard Hot 100 number one singles ; `` Genie in a Bottle '' , `` What a Girl Wants '' , and `` Come On Over Baby ( All I Want Is You ) '' . The following year , Aguilera released two studio albums ; the Spanish-language album Mi Reflejo and the holiday album My Kind of Christmas . She assumed creative control for her fourth studio album , Stripped ( 2002 ) , which produced `` Dirrty '' , `` Beautiful '' , and `` Fighter '' . Aguilera 's fifth studio album , Back to Basics ( 2006 ) , debuted at number one on the album charts of ten countries and spawned the tracks `` Ai n't No Other Man '' and `` Hurt '' . In 2010 , Aguilera released her sixth studio album Bionic and starred in the film Burlesque . The following year , she debuted as a coach on the reality competition television series The Voice ; she has since appeared on six of its twelve seasons . Her seventh studio album , Lotus , was released in 2012 . Aguilera has also been featured on several successful collaborations during her career , including `` Lady Marmalade '' , `` Moves like Jagger '' , and `` Say Something '' .   Aguilera has been recognized as a pop icon and earned the title `` Pop Princess '' in her early years . Her work has earned her five Grammy Awards , one Latin Grammy Award , and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . She has sold over 17.9 million albums in the United States as of 2014 and 50 million albums worldwide as of 2015 . In 2009 , she ranked at number 58 on Rolling Stones list of 100 Greatest Singers of All Time , thereby becoming the youngest and the only artist under 30 to be named . Billboard recognized her as the 20th most successful artist of the 2000s , and Time listed Aguilera among the top 100 Most Influential People in the World of 2013 . Aside from her work in the entertainment industry , Aguilera is involved in charitable activities through human rights , world issues , and her work as a UN ambassador for the World Food Programme .
gerbilnoun  [ C] gerbil meaning, definition, what is gerbil: a small animal, similar to a mouse with long back legs, that is often kept as a pet. Learn more.
In 1985, the combination of the Mac, Apple's LaserWriter printer, and Mac-specific software like Boston Software's MacPublisher and Aldus PageMaker enabled users to design, preview, and print page layouts complete with text and graphics—an activity to become known as desktop publishing. Initially, desktop publishing was unique to the Macintosh, but eventually became available for other platforms. Later, applications such as Macromedia FreeHand, QuarkXPress, and Adobe's Photoshop and Illustrator strengthened the Mac's position as a graphics computer and helped to expand the emerging desktop publishing market.
The main cast was revealed in December 2014 at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig returned for his fourth appearance as James Bond, while Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw reprised their roles as M, Eve Moneypenny and Q respectively, having been established in Skyfall. Rory Kinnear also reprised his role as Bill Tanner in his third appearance in the series.
Queen of My Heart Queen of My Heart "Queen of My Heart" is a song by Irish boy band Westlife. It was released on 8 November 2001 as the first single from their third studio album, "World of Our Own". It was released as a double A-side single with "When You're Looking Like That" in UK and Ireland. It debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, giving the band their ninth UK number one single in two and a half years, staying at the top of the chart for one week. It remains one of the band's most successful singles, becoming the
Ishvara Pranidhana Ishvara Pranidhana. Definition - What does Ishvara Pranidhana mean? Ishvara pranidhana is the practice of fully surrendering the self to God, chosen personal god, or Life Force. In surrendering the ego to the Supreme Being in humility, it is thought that the character of the divine can be attained.
How can I get into BYU if I don't get accepted at first? Brigham Young University Cougars Brigham Young University The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormonism) College and University Admissions How can I get into BYU if I don't get accepted at first?ad by Grammarly Take your writing to the next level. Grammarly's free writing app makes sure everything you type is easy to read, effective, and mistake-free. Learn More at grammarly.com6 Answers Adam Helps, studied at Brigham Young University Answered Feb 25, 2015 · Author has 1.2k answers and 3m answer views That's really tricky. Do you know why you weren't accepted? BYU gets more applications than they have space for students, so they are effectively forced to filter students. They rank all their applications and then admit the top few thousand. Being rejected means you failed to clear that line. Note that my information on this is nearly 20 years old now, so much may have changed. There are a few strategies. Spring and summer admission is (potentially) a little easier than fall and winter admission, since the pool of applicants is much smaller, so weaker applications might have more of a chance. However, it's not clear whether they normalize against this. It also helps to be aware of how your score is figured. It's 50% essays, life experience, and letters of recommendation. It is critical that you take those very seriously. They are looking for good moral character, a demonstrated willingness to serve others, faithfulness, and a general impression that the church should be investing tithing money in your future. 25% is your ACT score, and 25% is your GPA. Your GPA is adjusted upward if you took Honors and AP classes; maximum is a 6.0 if every class was AP and seminary and you got all A's. I believe honors courses count on a 5.0 scale. If your case is fairly hopeless, the usual backdoor is to get an associates degree and then transfer to BYU for your bachelors. If you excel at a community college, they can admit you based on that academic experience instead of your high school grades. Note also that BYU Idaho might be easier to get into, as it's applicant-to-admissions ratio is better. Another option, if you want the Utah Valley Student Experience, is UVU, which is a great school in its own right and easy to get into. They have a large church institute with a lot of courses offered, which is similar to what you can get at BYU, and their general education courses are less crowded than the Y's. Some students transfer from UVU to BYU as well. Further, if your future career interests include culinary arts or piloting airplanes, UVU is the better school--they have some interesting programs that the Y doesn't. The main downside is if you're from out of state; they have a residency requirement for cheap tuition. BYU's cheap tuition goes to LDS students, regardless of where they live.3.4k Views · View Upvoters Your response is private. Is this answer still relevant and up to date?promoted by Wharton Executive Education Learn business analytics online with Wharton Executive Education. Enroll in this three-month Business Analytics program and turn data into a revenue-producing action. Apply Now at execed-emeritus.wharton.upenn Related Questions More Answers Below Why is BYU getting harder to get accepted into? What are the most common reasons why some people don't fit in at byu? Is it possible for me to get into BYU as an international student with a low GPA? What was the lowest GPA BYU has accepted an international st... What's it like transferring from BYU-Idaho to BYU-Provo? Why is BYU-provo better than BYU-Idaho? Ask New Question Tyler Pruett, worked at Brigham Young University Answered Feb 26, 2015It depends on why you were not admitted. BYU looks at more than just your academic performance. If you were not admitted due to high school test scores and/or gpa you can take a year (30 credit hours) at a community college and then transfer. Once you have a year at another college, BYU will look at your transfer gpa instead of high school one. The average transfer gpa 
- During the oestrus cycle in the pig there does not appear to be distinct follicular waves as in cows; it has been proposed that the final growth of follicles to ovulatory size takes 19 days. The luteal phase is characterised by the secretion of progesterone from of the corpus luteum.
This comment is not toxic.
Nick Morris Nick Morris is a film maker who began writing and making amateur films at school, one of which was shown at the NFT. His professional career began in the 1980s with music videos for "The Final Countdown" by Europe, "Kyrie" by Mr. Mister and "Everytime You Go Away" by Paul Young. After making approximately 100 promos for artists such as Elton John, Celine Dion, Alison Moyet, Warrant, Terence Trent D'Arby, Stevie Wonder, Paul Carrack, Prefab Sprout, Kirsty MacColl, Go West, the Kane Gang, The Alarm, Status Quo, Toto, Natalie Cole, Nena, Scorpions and the number one charity single Ferry Aid, he moved into longer form projects including the Cirque du Soleil show "Alegría", which was nominated for a primetime Emmy, "Jesus Christ Superstar", which won an International Emmy, and AC/DC's "Stiff Upper Lip Live" in Munich. He has also directed DVDs for comedians such as The Mighty Boosh, Mitchell and Webb and Bill Bailey. Other work includes numerous trailers and music clips for West End shows such as "The Producers", "Spamalot", "Calendar Girls", "Guys and Dolls", "Edward Scissorhands" and "The Rocky Horror Show". in 2009 he captured Spandau Ballet's triumphant homecoming concert at the O2 Arena in London and Jude Law's portrayal of Hamlet.
Ginny Stikeman Virginia (Ginny) Stikeman (born 1941) is a Canadian filmmaker. She has directed, produced and edited many films, with her focus in documentaries. Her most well-known films are "Sisters in Struggle" (1991), "Dream of a free country: a message from Nicaraguan women" (1983), and "" (1992)
Overview Overview The American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP) defines procedural sedation as "a technique of administering sedatives or dissociative agents with or without analgesics to induce a state that allows the patient to tolerate unpleasant procedures while maintaining cardiorespiratory function. Procedural sedation and analgesia (PSA) is intended to result in a depressed level of consciousness that allows the patient to maintain oxygenation and airway control independently." [ 1]The number of noninvasive and minimally invasive procedures performed outside of the operating room has grown exponentially over the last several decades. Sedation, analgesia, or both may be needed for many of these interventional or diagnostic procedures. Medications that elicit pharmacologic effects, such as anxiolysis, amnesia, or analgesia, provide patient comfort during various procedures. Understanding the efficacy and safe administration of these agents is essential to the practitioner performing interventional procedures. Sedation and analgesia introduces an independent risk factor for morbidity and mortality in addition to the procedure itself. The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO) recognizes the risks involved with sedation and analgesia for procedures and mandates that sedation practices throughout an institution be monitored and evaluated by the department of anesthesia. The American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) has responded to this challenging responsibility by developing practice guidelines for nonanesthesiologists who provide sedation and analgesia. For more information, see Guidelines for Office-Based Anesthesia, a statement on the Qualifications of Anesthesia Providers in the Office-Based Setting, and Practice Guidelines for Sedation and Analgesia by Nonanesthesiologists. [ 2, 3]The information described in this article does NOT apply to the following types of patients: Patients receiving inhaled anesthetics Patients receiving analgesia for pain control without sedation Patients receiving sedation to manage behavioral emergencies Patients who are intubated Next: Sedation Definitions 
My sister told me a long time ago that dirt is the enemy of suds and that stuck with me. But it's basically true. Your hair has oils that are important to its structure. Those oils allow dirt to cling to it. Shampooing strips away those oils and thus the dirt. but remember dirt is the enemy of suds so you won't lather up the first time you do it. That's partially why shampoo instructions say to do it twice, to waste more product and to make sure your hair is actually clean. The second one will probably lather up considerably. Alternatively if you wash your hair too much it will always lather but you are doing considerable damage to your hair.
- Published: February 9, 2002. William T. Dillard, who founded the Dillard's department store chain, built it into the nation's third largest and then presided as his stores lost prestige and profits, died yesterday at his home in Little Rock, Ark. He was 87.
* the expiration date usually reflect the time it takes for the contents of the bottle to go bad, sometimes due to the breakdown of the plastic * recycling plastics aren't always suitable for their original purposes, plastic in bottles is often used to make synthetic fibers...
How did suited astronauts manage bodily waste while on the moon?
What is noble gas notation? exists and is an alternate of . The noble gas notation is a notation formed as a result of the electron configuration notation being used in conjunction with noble gases. The noble gas preceding the element in question is written then the electron configuration is continued from that point onwards. The notation is shorter to write and makes it easier to identify elements.
Is an American's "broiler" an Englishman's "grill"? I see the word *broiler* come up a lot around r/Cooking so just asking this because I'm obviously not sure, but I've never heard of it before Reddit and I'm sure I've also heard Americans refer to grills. The word is awfully similar to *boil* as well, which doesn't help.  
  
---  
  
EDIT: They seem to be the same thing then, other than the fact that one has the flame above the food while the other has it below. Thanks for the responses. :)
- The core of a sphingolipid is an amino alcohol called sphingosine. Complex sphingolipids located in the plasma membrane of animal cells (especially nerve cells) have a structural function and are believed to protect the cell surface from harmful environmental factors.
How do I crack the Wi-Fi password?
What are the worst movies of 2015, in your opinion?
What are the uses of Toluene? Toluene is used as a fuel additive to increase octane ratings and as a solvent in paints, paint thinners, adhesives, inks, resins, cleaning agents and inks. It is also used in the synthesis of many organic chemicals including benzene, phenol and xylene and as a raw material in the production of explosives. Toluene is used to manufacture polymers that are used to make nylon, plastic soda bottles, and polyurethanes and for pharmaceuticals, dyes and cosmetic products. Additionally, toluene has been used in the past as a treatment for hookworms and roundworms.
[Oxford was not founded in 1096.] (_URL_0_) That said, the basic curriculum for the average, bureaucracy-bound medieval university students in the 13th century consisted of the seven liberal arts, the *trivium* plus the *quadrivium*. The trivium was ~~dialectic~~ grammar, logic, rhetoric (essentially, ways of thinking and arguing in Latin); the quadrivium geometry, music theory, astronomy/astrology, arithmetic. Oxford also offered the three major advanced faculties for graduate students: law, theology, medicine. Another major use of medieval universities was to turn out students with a "license to teach"--essentially, educating and certifying friars (Franciscans, Dominicans, etc) to preach and teach the laity. They would generally follow their own curriculum.
Country Music Legend Johnny Cash Dies at 71 Country Music Legend Johnny Cash Dies at 71Published September 12, 2003 Fox News Facebook Twitter Email NASHVILLE, Tenn. – Johnny Cash ( search ), the gravel-voiced icon of American music known worldwide as "The Man in Black," has died at the age of 71. ADVERTISEMENT"Johnny died due to complications from diabetes, which resulted in respiratory failure," said Cash's manager, Lou Robin, in a press release issued by Baptist Hospital in Nashville. "I hope that friends and fans of Johnny will pray for the Cash family to find comfort during this very difficult time," Robin said. Cash gained his legendary status by spanning the musical spectrum in country, rock and folk — as his wry lyrics and deadpan delivery earned him the respect of millions of fans and music critics around the globe. Photo Essay: An American Icon"More than any single person I can think of, Johnny Cash broadened interest in country music all around the world. He was just a huge star, and became a cultural icon in America," said Ed Benson, executive director of the Country Music Association. "It's extremely sad. He's certainly someone who is irreplaceable in the music business, and in the hearts and minds of many Americans. "Cash's importance still resonates with today's musicians, and he was nominated for seven awards, and won one, at MTV's 2003 Video Music Awards ( search ) for his heartbreaking rendition of a Nine Inch Nails song, "Hurt." The video was a reflection on mortality that showed his brittle health. The lyric "I shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die," from his hit song "Folsom Prison Blues" remains one of the most talked about and controversial quotes in recent music history. He was also nominated for three Country Music Awards, including Album of the Year. The awards are to air Nov. 9. The release said Cash died at the hospital at 3 a.m. EDT. He was released from Baptist on Wednesday where he had spent two weeks being treated for an unspecified stomach ailment. "I hope that friends and fans of Johnny will pray for the Cash family to find comfort during this very difficult time," Robin said. Cash had battled a disease of the nervous system, autonomic neuropathy, and pneumonia in recent years and was once diagnosed with a disease called Shy-Drager's syndrome, a diagnosis that was later deemed to be erroneous. Dozens of hit records like "Folsom Prison Blues," "I Walk the Line," and "Sunday Morning Coming Down" defined Cash's persona: a haunted, dignified, resilient spokesman for the working man and downtrodden. Cash's deeply lined face fit well with his unsteady voice, which was limited in range but used to great effect to sing about prisoners, heartaches, and tales of everyday life. He wrote much of his own material, and was among the first to record the songs of Bob Dylan and Kris Kristofferson. "One Piece at a Time" was about an assembly line worker who built a car out of parts stolen from his factory. "The Ballad of Ira Hayes" told of the drunken death of an American Indian soldier who helped raised the American flag at Iwo Jima during World War II, but returned to harsh racism in America. "A Boy Named Sue," written by Shel Silverstein, was a comical story of a father who gives his son a girl's name to make him tough, and Cash took it to No. 1 in 1969. Cash said in his 1997 autobiography "Cash" that he tried to speak for "voices that were ignored or even suppressed in the entertainment media, not to mention the political and educational establishments. "His career spanned generations, with each finding something of value in his simple records, many of which used his trademark "boom-chicka-boom" rhythm. Cash was a peer of Elvis Presley when rock 'n' roll was born in Memphis in the 1950s, and he scored hits like "Cry! Cry! Cry!" during that era. He had a longtime friendship and recorded with Dylan, who has cited Cash as a major influence. "His influence spread over many generations of different people," said Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger. "I loved him as singer and a writer. I remember years ago
Study Upholds Stopping Plavix Use Before Surgery Those guidelines from the American College of Surgeons recommend discontinuing Plavix five to seven days before coronary artery bypass surgery, said Dr. Richard C. Becker, a professor of medicine in cardiology and hematology at Duke University, and co-author of a report in the Nov. 18 issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
Apple did not develop the iPod software entirely in-house, instead using PortalPlayer's reference platform based on two ARM cores. The platform had rudimentary software running on a commercial microkernel embedded operating system. PortalPlayer had previously been working on an IBM-branded MP3 player with Bluetooth headphones. Apple contracted another company, Pixo, to help design and implement the user interface under the direct supervision of Steve Jobs. As development progressed, Apple continued to refine the software's look and feel. Starting with the iPod Mini, the Chicago font was replaced with Espy Sans. Later iPods switched fonts again to Podium Sans—a font similar to Apple's corporate font, Myriad. iPods with color displays then adopted some Mac OS X themes like Aqua progress bars, and brushed metal meant to evoke a combination lock. In 2007, Apple modified the iPod interface again with the introduction of the sixth-generation iPod Classic and third-generation iPod Nano by changing the font to Helvetica and, in most cases, splitting the screen in half by displaying the menus on the left and album artwork, photos, or videos on the right (whichever was appropriate for the selected item).
. Approximate Synonyms Acute constitutional eczema Acute constitutional hand eczema Acute contact dermatitis Acute dermatitis Acute eczema Acute hand eczema Acute irritant contact dermatitis Acute vesicular dermatitis Acute vesicular eczema of hand Acute vesicular eczema of hands and/or feet Acute-on-chronic vesicular eczema of feet Acute-on-chronic vesicular eczema of hands Acute-on-chronic vesicular eczema of hands AND feet Acute-on-chronic vesicular eczema of hands and/or feet Allergic contact dermatitis Allergic contact dermatitis due to excretions Allergic contact dermatitis due to secretions Allergic contact dermatitis of external auditory canal Allergic contact dermatitis of eyelid Allergic contact dermatitis of female genitalia Allergic contact dermatitis of hands Allergic contact dermatitis of lower leg Allergic contact dermatitis of male genitalia Allergic contact dermatitis of perianal skin Allergic contact dermatitis of pinna Allergic dermatitis due to bite of Ctenocephalides felis Allergic disorder of skin Allergic inhalant dermatitis Apron pattern of vesicular eczema of hands Atopy as co-factor in hand eczema Beard wart Bilat ear canal dermatitis Bilateral dermatitis of external auditory canals Both sides ear canal dermatitis Chronic constitutional eczema Chronic constitutional hand eczema Chronic contact dermatitis Chronic dermatitis Chronic eczema Chronic eczema of external auditory canal Chronic generalized exfoliative dermatitis Chronic hand eczema Chronic irritant contact dermatitis Chronic papillomatous dermatitis due to incontinence Chronic relapsing vesiculosquamous hand eczema Chronic superficial scaly dermatitis Chronic vesicular eczema of hands Chronic vesicular eczema of hands AND feet Chronic vesicular eczema of hands and/or feet Constitutional discoid hand eczema Constitutional eczema Constitutional eczema of feet Constitutional eczema of hands Constitutional eczema of hands and feet Constitutional factors as co-factor in hand eczema Constitutional fingertip eczema Constitutional predisposition as co-factor in eczema Constitutional/endogenous eczema of hands and/or feet Contact dermatitis Contact hand eczema Contact mucous membrane inflammation Contact with irritant as co-factor in eczema Contact with irritant as co-factor in hand eczema Crusted eczema Cumulative irritant contact dermatitis Cumulative irritant contact dermatitis of hands Cumulative irritant contact dermatitis of hands due to wet work Dermatitis Dermatitis due to drug induced diabetes mellitus Dermatitis due to sweating and friction Dermatitis due to type 1 diabetes mellitus Dermatitis of external auditory canal Dermatitis of external ear Dermatitis of hand Dermatitis, acute Dermatosis associated with biotin deficiency Dermatosis due to therapeutic ionizing irradiation Dermatosis in a child Dermatosis of lower limb due to disorder of leg veins Dermatosis of menopause Desiccation eczema Diabetes type 1 with diabetic dermatitis Diffuse dermatitis Discoid eczema of hand Discoid eczema of hands and feet Disseminated secondary eczema DM 1 w diabetic dermatitis Drug induced diabetes with diabetic dermatitis Drug induced DM w diabetic dermatitis Dry discoid eczema Dry eczema Dry skin dermatitis Eczema Eczema craquel� due to acute edema Eczema of finger Eczema of nipple Eczema, nonallergic Eczema, nummular Eczematous cheilitis Eczematous drug eruption Erythrodermic eczema Exacerbation of eczema Excoriated eczema Exogenous eczema of hands and/or feet Exogenous foot eczema Exogenous hand eczema Exposure to skin irritant as co-factor in eczema Exudative discoid eczema Exudative eczema Facial eczema Feces-induced contact dermatitis Fibrosing dermatitis Fingertip eczema Fire coral dermatitis Fistula dermatitis Foot eczema Friction eczema Friction palmar eczema Generalized eczema Generalized eczema due to systemically administered drug Generalized exfoliative contact dermatitis Hand and/or foot eczema Hand dermatitis Hand eczema Herpes zoster dermatitis Histologic type of inflammatory skin disorder Hyperkeratotic eczema of hands and feet Hyp
Feynman attended Far Rockaway High School, a school in Far Rockaway, Queens also attended by fellow Nobel laureates Burton Richter and Baruch Samuel Blumberg. Upon starting high school, Feynman was quickly promoted into a higher math class. An unspecified school-administered IQ test estimated his IQ at 123—high, but "merely respectable" according to biographer James Gleick. When he turned 15, he taught himself trigonometry, advanced algebra, infinite series, analytic geometry, and both differential and integral calculus. In high school he was developing the mathematical intuition behind his Taylor series of mathematical operators. Before entering college, he was experimenting with and deriving mathematical topics such as the half-derivative using his own notation.
Mary Anderson (inventor) Mary Anderson (inventor) Mary Anderson (February 19, 1866 – June 27, 1953) was an American real estate developer, rancher, viticulturist and inventor of the windshield wiper blade. In November 1903 Anderson was granted her first patent for an automatic car window cleaning device controlled from inside the car, called the windshield wiper. Mary Anderson was born in Greene County, Alabama, at the start of Reconstruction in 1866. In 1889 she moved with her widowed mother and sister to the booming town of Birmingham, Alabama. She built the Fairmont Apartments on Highland Avenue soon after settling in. By 1893, Mary Anderson
This comment is not toxic.
Python alternate way to find dendrogram
They do it to see the back of the inside of your eye through your pupil. They can determine whether you are at risk for glaucoma, among other things, this way. Edit: the veins you see are on the front of the inside of your eye. You can see them because of the light reflected off the back.
Plate Boundaries: Convergent, Divergent, and Transform Boundaries Instructor: Peter Jaeger Pete currently teaches middle school Science, college level introductory Science, and has a master's degree in Environmental Education. In the theory of plate tectonics, the earth's crust is broken into plates that move around relative to each other. As a result of this movement, three types of plate boundaries are formed: divergent, convergent, and transform boundaries. Introduction to Plate Boundaries I hope you have never been in a car accident, but I know we all have seen one in our lives. If you have watched many movies, you almost certainly have. Have you noticed how even when the car is no longer at the accident site, you can tell what happened to it - like where it was impacted, how fast it was going (or the other car was going), and what part was hit first? Even without impacts, perhaps you can piece together what happened when a scratch shows up on the side of the car. As tectonic plates of the earth, or giant pieces of the earth's crust, move and crash into each other, similar tell-tale signs show up to give us some ideas about how they move with relation to each other. The theory of plate tectonics states that the crust of the earth is broken up into large pieces, or plates, that move around by floating on top of the liquid layer of the earth known as the mantle. This process is driven by convection currents within the mantle. Convection currents are formed by hot magma near the core rising towards the surface, while cooler magma near the crust sinks, setting up a current that causes the plates to move. These currents are the primary driving force behind plate movement. This theory was the result of decades of work and observations made of the earth's surface. It is still the first model to neatly explain all the pieces of data scientists couldn't explain when they thought the surface of the earth was stationary. The red lines show where the crust is divided into several plates. The map above may seem confusing at first, but the main thing is that the colored lines show the lines where the crust is broken up into many different plates. Most are named after the continents that are contained on them. Some plates are entirely oceanic crust, or crust under the ocean, while others are a combination of oceanic and continental crust, which is crust of the continents. The boundary where two separate plates meet is where all the action occurs and is called a fault. A fault is a crack in the earth's crust resulting from the movement of the two plates. Getting back to the example of cars, when two cars are next to each other, there are three possible ways for the cars to move with relation to each other. Plates act in a similar manner. Divergent Boundary The first way two cars can move relative to each other is in divergent directions, like passing a car going the other way. Plates also can pull apart from each other. This is known as a divergent boundary. A divergent boundary is a fault where the two plates are moving away from each other. Rift valleys develop when a continent is broken apart by a divergent boundary. Now, as plates pull apart, several things may occur. First of all, volcanic activity is common in these areas since mantle easily moves to the surface through the thin, fractured rock as it separates. Volcanoes are a sign of a divergent boundary. This happens all along the mid-ocean ridge where magma is constantly streaming to the surface, creating new ocean floor as the plates separate. If a continent happens to be a place where a divergent boundary occurs, then the continent will begin to be torn apart as the sides of the plates separate, creating a rift valley. The African Rift Valley in East Africa is an example of this occurrence. Eventually, the ocean will separate East Africa from the rest, making a large island. Convergent Boundary A second way cars interact (unfortunately) is by colliding. When cars impact each other or another solid object, the energy is transferred to the cars themselves, showing up as den
Create an alarm.
The Iazyges were a nomadic Sarmatian tribe located in around where Romania, Ukraine, and Hungary meet today. They were a constant thorn in the side of the Roman Empire from the 1st Century BCE. They constantly resisted assimiliation and were among the last of the Dacian peoples to be quelled. In the late 1st Century CE, they crossed the Danube into Roman Pannonia and defeated Legio XXI Rapax (who were disbanded afterwards). It was only when Trajan took control of the Empire (and the war in Dacia) where the Iazyges were conquered. In fact, future emperor Hadrian was the one that forced them to submit. They were reduced to a client state of the Roman Empire after this (107 CE). EDIT: Professor pronounced them (ee-uh-zee-gees)
Harper (name) Harper is a Scottish family name that has also commonly used as a given name. The name is believed to have originated in the Dalriadan region of Scotland, especially in the Lennox district, and is associated with Clan Buchanan.
For Retailers, Best Things That Come in Small Packages Include Stores For Retailers, Best Things That Come in Small Packages Include Stores Big Box Retailers and Supermarkets Roll Out Smaller Store Prototypes To Expand Market Penetration By Sasha M Pardy May 16, 2007Email Print< prev 1 of 5 next >Tesco, Publix, Krispy Kreme, Home Depot, DSW and Office Max are among the retailers with smaller-store prototypes With many if not most primary markets reaching a certain retail saturation point, a slew of grocery and big box retailers alike have announced plans to debut or test smaller store prototypes in hopes of tapping remaining under-served smaller and urban markets unable to accommodate or support their larger suburban formats. The prevalence of this "Small is Beautiful" approach has sparked debate in the industry over whether this trend is passing fad or a fundamental shift in retail real estate strategy. A quick query of Co Star Property Professional's analytic feature combined with U. S. Census Bureau population statistics reveals the issue driving this trend. Total U. S. retail square footage per capita has increased to 15 square feet per capita, a 5% increase over the per capita figure of 2000 and a 20% increase over the per capita figure of 1990. The retailer responsible for creating the most buzz of late about small format retail is Tesco, the U. K.'s largest retailer and operator of more than 2,800 (primarily grocery) stores in 12 countries throughout Europe and Asia. The company is rapidly expanding internationally, both through organic growth and acquisitions, adding 376 stores last year. To introduce itself to U. S. consumers, Tesco announced plans to open under the banner 'Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market,' with a $400 million annual investment over the next five years. Following the opening of its first 14 stores in the Las Vegas area, Fresh & Easy plans to add approximately 50 more stores in the Phoenix, Los Angeles and San Diego areas. In addition, the company has established an El Segundo, CA headquarters and has a 500,000-square-foot distribution center under construction in Riverside, CA. Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Markets are modeled after Tesco's 1,000 Express format stores it has open in seven countries. While the store prototype is 10,000 square feet, stores slated to open generally range 10,000 to 17,000 square feet, significantly smaller than the typical U. S. supermarket, but also two to three times the size of the typical U. S. convenience store. Tim Mason, CEO of Fresh & Easy stated in a statement announcing its U. S. growth plans, "The Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market format is designed to draw customers back to their local neighborhoods by offering high quality, fresh and nutritious food at affordable prices." Tesco says it has been successful in offering "everything from everyday staples to gourmet items" in the smaller store format with easily accessible aisles. Intended to be primarily a "healthy" market, Fresh & Easy will include produce, prepared foods, organic items, foods lacking trans fats and artificial colors, fresh flowers and more. Tesco says its decision of what format and what metro areas it has chosen to open in the U. S. is the result of extensive customer research in local U. S. markets and that its market choices are based on high population growth areas. Although Tesco may be the first to introduce a grocery store at such a small scale, it's not the first to introduce smaller store prototypes, whether designed to fit into urban markets or offer greater convenience to the customer. Last week, Pennsylvania-area grocery retailer Giant Eagle announced the opening of its first 'Giant Eagle Express' in Harmar Township, PA. The 14,000-square-foot store is less than 25% the size of Giant Eagle's traditional grocery stores and offers many of the same services with a reduced selection. In addition to the usual deli, meat and cheese counter, fresh produce and bakery, the stores include photo service, DVD rentals, a Café area, drive-thru pharmacy, a 16-pump gas station, a custom-order kio
Cheese ages with controlled temperature & humidity. It is often allowed to grow a rind or sealed in wax that keeps bad stuff out. When you cut it into blocks in your fridge, you lose the protective layer & humidity controls, exposing the cheese to microorganisms that want to eat it.
Observed lunar distance data?
Create an alarm.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard by Albus Dumbledore, former headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It is described as a popular collection of Wizarding children's fairy tales, so that while Ron Weasley is familiar with the stories, Harry Potter and Hermione Granger had not previously heard of them due to their non-magical upbringing. The book Hermione receives in Dumbledore's will is a copy of the original edition of the fictional book. It is described as an ancient-looking small book with its binding "stained and peeling in places". In the novel it is also said the book has a title on its cover, written
. "Eat any fish that has scales, and do not eat what does not have scales." (Imam Baqir a.s) [al-Kolayni, al-Kaafi, vol.6 p. 219]Halal with scales non-Halal without scales Anchovies Catfish Eels Barramundi Eastern Cleaner-Clingfish Bass Flake Carp / bream Grayfish Cod / hake Leather Jacket Dory Marlin Flounder Shark Herring Snake Mackerels Hoki - Blue Grenadier ( doubtful )** Squab Jew fish Sturgeons Kingfish Swordfish Ling Mackerel – except for snake mackerel Perch Red fish Salmon Sardines Snapper Tailor Trevally Trout - But not including: European turbot (Scophthalmus maximus or Psetta maximus Trevally). Tuna except for Dogtooth Tuna also known as Peg Tooth Tuna & Scaleless Tuna. Whitefish Whiting Yellow tail List of fish ( with fins/scales & without ) Link FISH LIST HALALEAT AND MARINE ANIMALS Q & AQ. What kind of marine animals are Halal? A. It is not permissible to eat from marine animals anything except fish that has scale; shrimp is considered from that category (of permissible sea animals). But other than fish, like lobster, and similarly the fish that does not have scale is forbidden. Allah knows the best. Q. Is Kosher meat Halal? A. It is not Halal. Q. On the package of meat that is produced in Muslim countries by non-Muslim Companies, it says, “slaughtered according to Islamic laws”. Are we allowed to eat that meat? Can we eat that meat, if it comes from Muslim Companies in non-Muslim countries? And what is the ruling, if the source is non-Muslim company from a non-Muslim country? A. The writing (on the package) has no value at all. If the producer is a Muslim or it was produced in a place where Muslim are in the majority and it is not known that the producer is a non-Muslim then it is permissible to eat it. But if the producer is a non-Muslim or it was produced in a place where Muslims are not in the majority and it is not known that the producer is a Muslim, then it is not permissible to eat it. Q. Is it permissible to eat halãl food which has been steam cooked with the steam of meat not slaughtered according to Islamic laws? A. It is not permissible since the food, as mentioned in the question, will be considered impure (najis) because of coming into contact with the wet parts from the steam of the impure meat. Q. Commercial fishing vessels place their huge nets [in the sea] and catch tons of fish which are then sold in the markets. It is well known that modern methods of fishing are based on catching the fish alive, and that the fishermen throw the dead fish back into the water for fear of contamination. Therefore, is it permissible for us to buy such fish in the markets of non-Muslims? Is it permissible for us to buy such fish from Muslims who are not considerate of religious laws? In both the cases to ascertain that this particular fish in front of me was taken out of the water alive, should seek the advice of an expert and reliable witness to testify to that fact which may prove difficult, impractical, and unrealistic. So, is there a solution for practicing Muslims who face difficulty in ascertaining whether or not the meat of chicken, cow or sheep is halãl, and therefore take to eating fish instead? A. There is no problem in buying it from Muslims or non-Muslims; as there is no problem in eating it, if they are satisfied that the fish was caught by the method mentioned above and that it belongs to the category of scale fish. Q. At times we find the name or picture of fish on the cans and come to know that the fish is a scale fish. So, is it permissible for us to rely on the name or the picture in determining the category of fish, knowing well that a wrong statement of this kind would put the manufacturers in great loss or even more serious [situation] than just a loss? A. If one is satisfied it is the truth, it is permissible to act upon it. Q. Is it permissible to buy a fish from a Muslim who is not a momin while we have no knowledge whether it is from the category of scale fish or not? A. It is permissible to buy it but one cannot eat it unless he makes sure that it is from the category of scale fish
Tyler Perry's House of Payne (season 6) The sixth season of the "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" began airing on November 4, 2009, and concluded on January 19, 2011. It stars LaVan Davis as Curtis Payne, Cassi Davis as Ella Payne, Allen Payne as CJ Payne, Lance Gross as Calvin Payne, Demetria McKinney as Janine Payne and Keshia Knight Pulliam as Miranda Payne. Larramie "Doc" Shaw, who play as Malik Payne, appears infrequently this season due to scheduling conflicts with two other shows he starred in, "The Suite Life on Deck" and "Pair of Kings". This season also features the return of China Anne McClain as Jazmine Payne and Denise Burse as Claretha Jenkins, and consists of 46 episodes. This season uses film lookout throughout the all episodes.
3 Way Facetime facetimetips and tricks By myinstantmessaging / February 19, 2014Share 9Pin 1Share 3Facetime is an application introduced by Apple for its devices specifically for video communication. It is embedded in its products such as Macbook, i Phone, and i Pad to name a few. The Facetime allows a two way video communication between one Apple devices to another Apple device. Facetime uses email address and also phone number as the contact details for the application. If you want to know the basic concept of Facetime you can read it here on this article what is Facetime and its usages. However, the limitation of Facetime is that it only allows a one to one communication only. This means it does not support a multiple and also 3 way Facetime video communication. The only application that Apple have developed for multiple person video calling is through i Message. The i Message is formerly known as i Chat and it is only available for Mac. To have a video conferencing using i Message, you need to have an AIM Id or Jabber Id. But, if you own an i Phone, you actually can do a 3 way conference call or even multiple conferencing call. First Step The first step is you can start a call by placing a normal call to your intended contact. Second Step Then once the call is pick up, you can select the Add Call button to make another call while the person that you are currently communicating is still on the line. Third Step After the second person pick up their phone, you then select Merge Calls on the touch screen. You will now have a 3 way teleconferencing via your i Phone. Fourth Step If you want more people to join in, you can also select the loud speaker and other people in your room can also join the conversation. Learn more on how you can fully utililize Facetime by making conference call using Facetime. Facetime conferencing has the added advantage of cheaper conference call compared to using landed line services as well as the ability for a seamless connection and interaction If you want to know how to add people as you open up Facetime, you can read it here on how to add people on facetime. However, the Facetime application will not always work seamlessly and if your connection are having problem, you can learn more on why your Facetime is not connecting. Share Related Posts via Taxonomies The Ultimate Guide to Face Time Top 5 Face Time Tips and Tricks Facetime Won’t Work Facetime Failed to Connect Facetime Data Usage Facetime Conference Call Is Facetime Secure? Facetime Troubleshooting Facetime using Apple TVDoes Facetime Cost Anything? 
Analyze the extent to which the U.S. policy of containment was successful in:? The Cuban Missile Crisis was a propaganda victory for the United States and an undisclosed blow to containment. Some may contend that since the Soviet Union ultimately fell, the policy of containment was successful. This is an overly generous statement.
What are common diseases caused by bacteria?
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali Boutros Boutros-Ghali Boutros Boutros-Ghali (; , "", ; 14 November 1922 – 16 February 2016) was an Egyptian politician and diplomat who was the sixth Secretary-General of the United Nations (UN) from January 1992 to December 1996. An academic and former Vice Foreign Minister of Egypt, Boutros-Ghali oversaw the UN at a time when it dealt with several world crises, including the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Rwandan genocide. He was then the first Secretary-General of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie from 16 November 1997 to 31 December 2002. Boutros Boutros-Ghali was born in Cairo on 14 November 1922
I'm not good at programming. Can someone write me some pseudo code for this project please? I simply want it (web app) to suggest what shirt I should wear for the current day based on what other shirts I have in "stock" and that I have not worn in the past week, and also that I have not worn on that same day from two weeks previous. I would also like to be able to make it visual by using photos. Thanks :)
Resources for wooden furniture projects without glue, nails or screws
- Latin Meaning: The name Prior is a Latin baby name. In Latin the meaning of the name Prior is: Head of a monastery. English Meaning: The name Prior is an English baby name. In English the meaning of the name Prior is: Servant of the priory.
. Inversion Ankle Sprains The most common type of ankle sprain occurs when the foot is inverted or falling inward. When this type of ankle injury occurs, the 3 outer ligaments, or “lateral ligaments” are at risk of injury. This can result in a tear or increased laxity of the ligament. Pain is always felt on the outside of the ankle when you weight bear particularly on walking downstairs and down a slope. After the acute phase, walking on level ground may not be painful as the ankle stability in that range is provided by the mortise configuration of the bones of the ankle and these have not been injured. This can give a false sense of security of the situation. The situation becomes clearer when that ankle becomes easily sprain again and again with lesser movements in the future. We describe this as progressive ankle instability. Ladies that wear high heel shoes may notice instability when in this type of shoe wear and at other times feel quite normal. What are Lateral Ligaments?• the anterior talofibular ligament (ATFL);• the calcaneofibular ligament (CFL); and• the posterior talofibular ligament. What is the injury mechanism? As the foot goes into plantarflexion (toes pointed down), the structural stability contributed by the bones (talus and calcaneous) dissociates. Therefore, more stress is put on the Lateral Ligament (especially the ATFL) and make it more susceptible to injury. Previous sprain is a predictive factor for lateral ankle sprains. What is the available treatment? Mild inversion ankle sprains can be treated conservatively by physiotherapy (electrotherapy for pain relief and anti-inflammation, calf muscle stretching and ankle mobility exercise for restoration of range of motion, proprioceptive exercise for balance and strength training). The patient will need to wear an ankle brace for 6 weeks to reduce instability and chance of further damage. With appropriate rehabilitation, pain and stability can improve in 6 months or less. If the ankle remains unstable or painful, despite adequate rehabilitation, and the lateral ligaments are demonstrated to be lax, Lateral Ligament Reconstruction Surgery is indicated. The goal of surgery is to improve 80-95% of ankle stability so that the patient can return to sports. Lateral Ligament Reconstruction Surgery How is the surgery done? Arthroscopic technique is used to address any intra-articular ankle pathology and an open stabilization procedure is needed to reconstruct the ligament. The hamstring tendon graft (harvested in the inner side of the same knee) is usually used to reconstruct the anterior talofibular ligament (ATFL) and calcanofibular (CFL) ligament during open stabilization. After the repair is completed the ankle is put through total range of motion to make sure that it has been maintained throughout surgery. How long will it take to return to sports after surgery?• It normally takes about 6-9 months to return to competitive sports after surgery.• The goal of rehabilitation is to return the patient to a normal and complete level of function as soon as possible without compromising the integrity of the surgically reconstructed ankle.• Early exercise is encouraged. Rehabilitation guidelines are generally as follows: Phase I - Begins immediately after surgery and extends through approximately two weeks. Patient is encouraged to perform gentle exercise in bed and walk with ankle brace and elbow crutch (es) starting the day of surgery. Phase II - begins two weeks post-operatively and extends to six weeks. Patient can walk with ankle brace alone or 1 elbow crutch. Mobilization exercises are encouraged to regain full range of motion. Phase III - typically starts at six weeks and extends through three to four months. Patient can walk with ankle brace alone for continued protection of the graft from stresses. Light endurance training using stationary bike, swimming and balance training can start. Patient can gradually progress to moderate resistance and endurance training to regain strength of 70-80%. Phase IV - begins at four to six months. Patient can begin runnin
Should I leave my girlfriend, with whom I rent and have a beautiful one year-old girl? Cross-posted from /r/needadvice.

First off, I'm a chronic procrastinator (and not insane nor insanely stupid), so if you'd like to say something but are afraid I'd do something stupid if you did, don't be too worried.

*Sigh*. I don't really know where to go from there. I'll try...

I was eighteen. She was seventeen. We met at a school dance. I had been perpetually depressed about my bad luck with women. I'd been trying my luck with her friend, but hit it off with a good conversation with her instead. Two days later, we were in love. It was February 2007.

A couple of months into our relationship, I was already jealous about everything. I did that a lot back then. We fought all the time. There was a lot of distrust and suspicion in the relationship.

Forward to july, I was on a class trip to Spain. At this point basically the only reason I hadn't broken up with her was procrastination (you can call it cowardice, too). I've never been good at it. I'm so scared of letting people down. Anyway, I got hammered big time and slept with a hooker in a strip joint. When I came home I confessed to her. Not surprisingly, she broke up with me.

For the next month or two, we stayed connected. I felt myself attracted to her, but also felt incredibly guilty. She kept breaking down about the whole thing and I kept telling her that I loved her to comfort her. (I guess I sort of did, too). Eventually, we started dating again. Everything was better right away. There was less jealousy. The sex was great. We felt great.

February 2008. She was four weeks pregnant. I was stoic about it. I didn't mind. I felt I could do it. I proposed to her in the same month. We're still engaged, but not yet married.

October 2008. She gave birth to my beautiful daughter.

At this point, I was in university. I did well for the rest of the semester, but in the last couple of semesters the pressure has shown. I've passed everything, but sometimes barely. I was well over 90% in the first semester.

Anyway, fast forward to now, and I miss my single days. I've felt so for a year or so. I love my girlfriend, I like her family, but there's a constant struggle between my girlfriend and my family.

Our ideologies hardly mix. We're both liberal, but I'm basically anarchistic in philosophy, while she's much more moderate. I'm staunchly atheist, but she's Christian. We don't discuss her faith, at least we haven't done so for a couple of years, but she does like to go to church occasionally and wants to take my girl to Sunday school. She also wants to study church music and become an organist. That tells me her faith will play a large role in her life. I generally don't have a problem tolerating religious faith, but so close to me, I find it a little more challenging *just* to accept it.

That may sound intolerant, but it runs a little deeper. Because she's religious, she happens to see the world in a different way from the way I see it. Every day, I see world of absurdities. I don't believe in fate and I don't believe that there's 'the one' for anyone. I don't think that we're 'meant to be'. That's not how she sees it.

Often, I'd like to be single, simply because I like being alone. I'm ultimately alone in this universe and sometimes I see the relationship only as robbing away my freedom. Not necessarily freedom to have sex with other women or anything like that, but the freedom to go where I like without telling anyone. She doesn't forbid me to do things, but there are sort of ineffable limitations that come with relationships.

Now, as I mentioned, we have a baby together. A beautiful little girl. I love her, I really do. And frankly, if it weren't for her, I'm not sure if we'd still be together. I feel responsibilities towards her, but I'm not willing to spend my life feeling trapped just to uphold an illusion of parents who love each other.

This is already getting a lot longer than it should be, and not as thorough as I'd like it to be, and a lot more rambling than I wanted it to
They were Normalists (people studying university to be teachers in rural zones) that were going to protest against the mayor of Iguala outside his wife's birthday party.  When he realized the people was coming, he ordered police to stop them, but there was too many people. His solution was to ask his brother-in-law (or father-in-law, cant remember) to stop them.. And that was the fuck-up, because the brother/father-in-law was the regional leader of a drug cartel called "Guerreros Unidos" ("United Warriors") who kidnapped the normalists, asphyxiated and killed many of them, drove them to a city dump, and then burned them, some of them maybe alive. Also, the leader of the students was shot, the skin of his face removed and his body thrown to the highway. Some days ago 6 bags with ashes appeared near the city dump, seems like are the student's. EDIT: Officialy the students're still missing, until they can be sure that the ashes found are from the students.
The History of the Canadian Maple Leaf The History of the Canadian Maple Leaf July 1st is Canada Day and we will be celebrating all things Canada (because we are Canadian, in case you didn't know!). Besides ice hockey and the snow, one of the first things that come to mind when we think of Canada is the maple leaf, specifically a red maple leaf. It is the most recognized symbol of Canada. According to historians, the maple leaf became a symbol of Canada as early as the 1700s. In 1834, the St. Jean Baptiste Society, a French Canadian association founded to strengthen their linguistic and cultural heritage , made the maple leaf its emblem. Jacques Viger, the first mayor of Montreal, Quebec described the maple as "the king of our forest; ... the symbol of the Canadian people. "Two years later, in 1836, Le Canadien, a newspaper published in Lower Canada, suggested that the maple leaf would be a suitable emblem for Canada. In 1848, The Maple Leaf, a Canadian literary annual published in Toronto, ON, announced the maple leaf as the chosen emblem for Canada. By 1860, the maple leaf was used in the Royal Canadian 100th Regiment Badge. It was also used extensively in decorations when the Prince of Wales visited that year. In 1867, Alexander Muir wrote the confederation song, The Maple Leaf Forever, which became the national song for the next few decades. In 1868, both Ontario and Quebec's coat of arms included the maple leaf. Historically, the golden maple leaf represented Ontario, while the green maple leaf represented Quebec. From 1876-1901, the maple leaf appeared on all of Canada's coins, including the penny, nickle, dime and quarter. While today's coins no longer feature the maple leaf, the penny, when it was in circulation until 2012, always depicted the maple leaf on the coin, which made the penny an historic icon of Canada's past. The maple leaf isn't just something we look at. We often wear it as a badge on our clothes to show our love for our country. Starting in 1904, Canadian athletes competing in the Olympic Games wore shirts that displayed the maple leaf. In World Wars I and II, the maple leaf was displayed on Canadian soldiers’ caps, badges, and military equipment. In 1921, the Canadian shield was revised so that the provincial emblems were replaced with a maple leaf. The maple leaf has always been popular, especially since 1965 when the maple leaf appeared on the national flag. The flag is red and white, featuring a red 11-pointed maple leaf in the center of the flag with one red stripe to the left and one on the right against a white background. On February 15, 1965 the red maple leaf flag was inaugurated as the National Flag of Canada. The maple leaf on the flag is a generic maple, representing the 10 species of maple trees native to Canada. Today, the maple leaf is often used by Canadian organizations, businesses and sports teams as part of their logo and identity. The maple leaf says "We are Canadian. "So that's the history of the Canadian maple leaf! From all of us at Grower Direct Fresh Cut Flowers, Happy Canada Day!Related Articles: Provincial and National Flowers of Canada (funflowerfacts.com) 
Small Form-Factor Pluggable Transceiver (SFP) Small Form-Factor Pluggable Transceiver (SFP)Definition - What does Small Form-Factor Pluggable Transceiver (SFP)mean? A small form-factor pluggable (SFP) transceiver is a compact, hot-swappable, input/output transceiver used in data communication and telecommunications networks. SFP interfaces between communication devices like switches, routers and fiber optic cables, and performs conversions between optical and electrical signals. SFP transceivers support communications standards including synchronous optical networking (SONET)/synchronous digital hierarchy (SDH), gigabit ethernet and fiber channel. They also allow the transport of fast Ethernet and gigabit Ethernet LAN packets over time-division-multiplexing-based WANs, as well as the transmission of E1/T1 streams over packet-switched networks. SFP is also called a mini gigabit interface converter (GBIC) because its function is similar to the GBIC transceiver but with much smaller dimensions. Techopedia explains Small Form-Factor Pluggable Transceiver (SFP)The SFP transceiver is specified by the SFP Transceiver Multisource Agreement (MSA), which was developed and is followed by different transceiver manufacturers. SFP Transceivers have a wide range of detachable interfaces to multimode/single-mode fiber optics, which allows users to select the appropriate transceiver according to the required optical range for the network. SFP transceivers are also available with copper cable interfaces, which allows a host device designed primarily for optical fiber communications to also communicate over unshielded twisted pair networking cables. Modern optical SFP transceivers support digital diagnostics monitoring (DDM) functions, also known as digital optical monitoring (DOM). This feature gives users the ability to monitor the real-time parameters of SFP, such as optical output power, optical input power, temperature, laser-bias current and transceiver supply voltage. 
Likely the same reason that Wegener’s Granulomatosis was changed to Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis, and why Takayasu Arteritis was changed to Giant Cell Arteritis. An eponym is not descriptive of the basic pathology and for this reason is less effective as a descriptor.
Signs/poles etc. can be shown to snap cleanly in half. If a tree did that without splintering and such, it would look terrible
Delete a reminder.
10 Facts: The Emancipation Proclamation Abraham Lincoln issued the preliminary Emancipation Proclamation on September 22nd, 1862. It stipulated that if the Southern states did not cease their rebellion by January 1st, 1863, then Proclamation would go into effect.
The angular resolution of a telescope is given by θ=1.22λ/D where D is the diameter of the aperture. So we can rearrange to say D=1.22λ/θ. Let's say we want our resolution to be equal to the angular size of proxima b. This is approximately the diameter of the planet divided by the distance to the planet. I'll use earth's diameter because proxima b is only slightly larger. [Wolfram Alpha](_URL_0_) tells us this is 3.2x10^(-10) radians. For visible light let's take the middle of the spectrum and say λ=550nm. So D=1.22*550nm/3.2x10^(-10)=2km. The largest telescope on earth is about 10m. So yeah, pretty big. Edit: having fun with Wolfram Alpha, that angular size is approximately that of a basketball on the moon.
_URL_0_ study linked in other link _URL_1_  page 1136 has the key graph  world war 1 and 2 had a pretty major impact on getting a generation of americans to keep a clean shaven look forced on them by the military.  for this i'm assuming politicians aren't any different from the normal man.  interestingly the safety razor didn't impact this trend (invented 1905)
- You can lower the cost of the project by buying the supplies yourself from a wholesale merchant. The typical cost of a two-car garage will range from $13,000 to $18,000.
It seems like it might be a viable option in the not-so-distant future. [This experiment published in 2010](_URL_0_) managed to do just that with mice. However, it is possible that doing this on humans could result in unforeseen problems due to **genomic imprinting**. For example, Angelman syndrome and Prader–Willi syndrome are a pair of *sister* disorders that result from the deletion of the same gene. The disease that manifests depends on which parent passed on the faulty gene. Deletion in the paternal copy results in [Angelman syndrome](_URL_1_) and deletion of the maternal copy in [Parder-Willi syndrome.](_URL_2_)
James Comey From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Comey" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Comey (surname). James Comey7th Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation In office September 4, 2013 – May 9, 2017President Barack Obama Donald Trump Deputy Sean M. Joyce Mark F. Giuliano Andrew Mc Cabe Preceded by Robert Mueller Succeeded by Christopher A. Wray31st United States Deputy Attorney General In office December 9, 2003 – August 15, 2005President George W. Bush Preceded by Larry Thompson Succeeded by Paul Mc Nulty United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York In office January 7, 2002 – December 15, 2003President George W. Bush Preceded by Mary Jo White Succeeded by David N. Kelley Personal details Born James Brien Comey Jr. December 14, 1960 (age 57)Yonkers, New York, U. S. Political party Independent (2016–present) [1]Other political affiliations Republican (before 2016)Spouse (s) Patrice Failor Children 5Education College of William and Mary ( BA) University of Chicago ( JD)Signature James Brien Comey Jr. (born December 14, 1960) is an American lawyer who served as the seventh Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from September 4, 2013, until his dismissal on May 9, 2017. [2] Comey was a registered Republican for most of his life, but has recently described himself as unaffiliated. [3]Comey was the U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York from January 2002 to December 2003, and subsequently the United States Deputy Attorney General from December 2003 to August 2005 in the administration of President George W. Bush. Comey appointed Patrick Fitzgerald to be the Special Counsel to head the grand jury investigation into the Plame affair after Attorney General John Ashcroft recused himself. In August 2005, Comey left the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and became general counsel and senior vice president of Lockheed Martin, based in Bethesda, Maryland. [4] In 2010, he became general counsel at Bridgewater Associates, based in Westport, Connecticut. In early 2013, he left Bridgewater to become a Senior Research Scholar and Hertog Fellow on National Security Law at Columbia Law School. He served on the board of directors of HSBC Holdings until July 2013. [5]In September 2013, Comey was appointed Director of the FBI by President Barack Obama. [6] In that capacity, he was responsible for overseeing the FBI's investigation of the Hillary Clinton email controversy. His role in the 2016 U. S. presidential election, particularly with regard to his public communications, was highly controversial. [7] His decisions are viewed by some analysts as having possibly cost Clinton the election. Comey reopened the investigation into Clinton's emails less than two weeks before the election. [8] [9] [10] Comey also received heavy criticism from Republicans, in part after it was revealed that he had begun drafting an exoneration letter for Clinton before the investigation was complete. [11]Comey was dismissed by President Donald Trump on May 9, 2017. [12] [13] [14] Statements from Trump and the White House suggested that he had been dismissed to ease the "pressure" Trump was under due to the Russia investigation. [15] [16] [17] Later that month he arranged for a friend to tell the press about a memo he had written after a February 14 private meeting with the president. It said Trump had asked him to end the FBI's investigation into Michael Flynn, the former National Security Advisor. The dismissal, the memo, and Comey's subsequent Congressional testimony were interpreted by some commentators as evidence of obstruction of justice and became part of a widening investigation by Robert Mueller, the Special Counsel appointed to probe Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. [18]Contents1 Early life2 Early career (1985–1993)3 Clinton administration (1996–2001)3.1 Assistant U. S. Attorney4 Bush administration (2002–2005)4.1 U. S. Attorney4.2 Deputy Attorney General4.2.1 NSA domestic wiretapping4.2.2 Enhanced interrogation techniques5 Private secto
where are the .pyc files?
University of Richmond The University of Richmond (UR or U of R) is a private, nonsectarian, liberal arts college located in the city of Richmond, Virginia, with small portions of the campus extending into surrounding Henrico County. University of Richmond is a primarily undergraduate, residential university with approximately 4,350 undergraduate and graduate students in five schools: the School of Arts and Sciences, the E. Claiborne Robins School of Business, the Jepson School of Leadership Studies, the University of Richmond School of Law and the School of Professional & Continuing Studies.
Not Counting You "Not Counting You" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released in January 1990 as the third single from his album "Garth Brooks". It peaked at #2 in the United States, while it was a number-one in Canada. According to "The Garth Brooks Story" T.V. special, this was the first song Garth Brooks ever recorded.
They had (and still have) a very centralized government which focused efforts on rebuilding specific infrastructure and developing armaments at the expense of peoples' livelihoods. They also have an abundance of natural resources, which helped with the efforts in the first point.
Excess Mortality probably due to COVID-19 in Tokyo, Japan between August and October, 2020
I had an interesting discussion about this two months ago in [this askscience question](_URL_0_). Have a read of the top comment tree there. TL;DR: In a way, yes, but in another, more accurate way, no.
DROP
Who Did Shannon Beadorâs Husband David Have an Affair With? UPDATE: David Beador’s mistress has been identified as Nicole McMackin by Daily Mail. Get all the information on her by clicking here. Upon hearing that Shannon Beador’s husband David had an affair, viewers of Real Housewives of Orange County were stunned. Throughout the season, Shannon and David have been dealing with the aftermath of his cheating, trying to work through the pain.
Diana (mythology) are: Diana (mythology) Diana (Classical Latin: ) is a Roman goddess of the hunt, the moon, and nature, associated with wild animals and woodland. She is equated with the Greek goddess Artemis, and absorbed much of Artemis' mythology early in Roman history, including a birth on the island of Delos to parents Jupiter and Latona, and a twin brother, Apollo, though she had an independent origin in Italy. Diana was known as the virgin goddess of childbirth and women. She was one of the three maiden goddesses, along with Minerva and Vesta, who swore never to marry. Oak groves and
- Taking Action Against a Stalker. 1  1. Call 911 if you think you are in danger. 2  2. Cut through your denial. 3  3. Do not confront your stalker.  4. Tell other 1  people. 5. Keep a record of stalking activities.  6. Get a restraining 1  order. 7. Be prepared to defend yourself.  8. Change your daily routine.
It is completely up to each party's leadership - the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and Republican National Committee (RNC) respectively.  The main reason the Democrats have so few debates this election is that the Democratic establishment - including DNC chairperson Debbie Schultz, who decides the number of debates - would like to see Hillary Clinton nominated. Because Clinton has such a huge lead and near universal name recognition already, she has little to gain from debates and everything to lose if she makes some kind of gaffe. Therefore, the DNC limited the number of official debates this election cycle to protect her lead. The DNC also created a rule that no candidates may participate in unofficial debates or else they will be blacklisted from the official ones. This is not to say Hillary Clinton did anything wrong, this is just the politics of what happened.
Dear Reddit, where can I watch professional-level Starcraft matches? Hello, almost-total Starcraft newbie here. After watching a couple of matches on Blizzard's Starcraft II site, I've realised that I quite enjoy watching people much better than me play strategy games. Can anyone point me in the direction of anything good? 

**Edit:** Thanks so much! There's enough videos here to keep me entertained for the rest of the year, amazing.
Sargassum Sea Vegetable Sargassum is also eaten by itself or added to fish and meat dishes. If not strong it can be added to salads after washing, or it can be cooked in water like a vegetable. If the Sargassum is strong flavored it can be boiled in two changes of water.un dried leaves can be eaten like chips, or they can be fried and sprinkled with salt. Species found in Florida include: S. natans, S. fluitans, S. filipendula and S. pteropleuron. Those eaten elsewhere in the world include: S. aquifolium, S. fusiformis, S. granuliferum, S. mutica, S. polycyctum, and S. siliquosum.
Seizures And Sleep Apnea, Revisited Seizures And Sleep Apnea, Revisited Ijust came across an article in the NY Times that described a condition called SUDEP (sudden unexplained death in epilepsy), where people with seizures can die in their sleep. It’s throughout to be due to loss of protective reflexes and possibly obstruction. This article brought back memories of the time I was on my neurosurgery rotation and a young woman with seizures just died in her sleep. It was a very emotional and distressing situation for everyone involved, especially when I had to tell the family about what happened. In retrospect, she probably died of SUDEP, and come to think of it, I vividly remember that she had a very narrow face. What I found interesting was the fact that when it happens, people are usually found lying on their stomachs. References were made to SIDS (sudden infant death syndrome) and its’ many similarities. Unfortunately, it goes on to describe the typical genetic causes for this condition, without exploring the upper airway issue at all. If you Google sleep apnea and seizures, you’ll see tons of papers and references showing a highly significant association between these two conditions. Just to review, here’s my take on this link: Seizures are thought to develop when abnormal connections form between nerve endings in your brain, leading to a short of “short circuit.” Many of the medications that are used to control seizures essentially calm or lessen the excitability of the brain’s nerve cells. Even the newer vagal nerve stimulation technique works by enhancing the parasympathetic nervous system (which controls the vagus nerve). Anything that helps to calm or relax your nervous system can also help to prevent seizures. Not too surprisingly, numerous recent studies have shown that untreated obstructive sleep apnea can cause brain damage in a variety of different ways, including multiple mini-strokes, major strokes, decreased brain tissue density, decreased brain volume, diminished brain functioning, and diminished reflexes. All these effects were found to occur in critical areas of of the brain, such as areas that control memory and cognition, executive functioning, breathing, autonomic nervous system control and motor movements. I’ve also noticed that every patient that I see that has a seizure diagnosis has very narrowed upper airway anatomy, and usually can’t sleep on their backs. More often than not, parents of people who have seizures often snore heavily and likely have untreated obstructive sleep apnea. We also know that untreated obstructive sleep apnea can significantly lower your seizure thresholds, making you more susceptible to experiencing attacks. What all this implies is that if you have an underlying sleep-breathing problem, whether or not you have obstructive sleep apnea, you’re going to be more prone to various degrees of brain disfunction and miswiring. What do you think about my theory? Should all epilepsy patients get screened for obstructive sleep apnea? I’d like to hear your opinion. Related A New Trend in Fighting Seizures: Anti-Inflammatory Medications June 10, 2012In "Blog"Sleep Apnea - A Primer April 1, 2008In "Articles"Sleep Apnea & Sudden Hearing Loss: Is There A Connection? January 20, 2012In "Blog"Comment 59 Share Tweet Share +1 printemail Posted on Wednesday, July 28, 2010Category: Blog 
History of United Airlines United Airlines is the 6th largest airline in the world, with 86,852 employees (which includes the entire holding company United Continental Holdings) and 721 aircraft. It was the brainchild of William Boeing and emerged from his consolidation of numerous carriers and equipment manufacturers from 1928 to 1930.
Samurai (2002 film) Samurai is a 2002 Tamil language film directed by Balaji Sakthivel and produced by S. Sriram . The film featured Vikram in the title role , while Anita Hassanandani , Jaya Seal and Nassar played supporting roles . Harris Jayaraj scored the film 's music , while Sethu Sriram handled cinematography . Originally launched in 2000 , the film went through production delays and was only released in July 2002 , when it opened to mixed reviews and an average response at the box office .
Vigilant Firehouse (Washington, D.C.) The Vigilant Firehouse is a historic building in the Georgetown section of Washington, D.C. located at 1066 Wisconsin Ave., NW, just north of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal and the Canal Monument.
History of the Roman Empire The history of the Roman Empire covers the history of Ancient Rome from the fall of the Roman Republic in 27 BC until the abdication of the last Emperor in 476 AD.Rome had begun expanding shortly after the founding of the Republic in the 6th century BC, though didn't expand outside of Italy until the 3rd century BC.Civil war engulfed the Roman state in the mid 1st century BC, first between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and finally between Octavian and Mark Antony.ome had begun expanding shortly after the founding of the Republic in the 6th century BC, though didn't expand outside of Italy until the 3rd century BC. Civil war engulfed the Roman state in the mid 1st century BC, first between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and finally between Octavian and Mark Antony.
Wolves Majestic Wolves Majestic Wolves Majestic, with marble eyes that shine like suns beginning to rise. Beautiful, light fur as soft as silk colors gray, or creamy white milk. They aren't afraid to stand tall They hold the world, even though they are small. Wolves are great, they have it all Passion, fire, sparks that smolder when they fall. They mostly live in groups or packs crunch through the snow and leave their tracks. Their ears perk up at the slightest sound The bird that flutters, the wind on the ground. Although they are terrific, they are misunderstood from the times they were born, and all through childhood. Wolves, they aren't vicious, and that is a fact only when sick, or threatened they attack. And all-in-all they're a very great creature every large and minute feature. Wolves have been great for many years Scientist's studies, small children's fears. I hope wolves are animals that do survive cause they are one of the greatest animals alive. The End By Fatima Espiritu student at Girard Intermediate School Girard, Ohio« story index 
Color of eggs varies by breed of chicken used to lay the egg. Generally speaking, the color of the egg matches the color of the feathers near the chicken's ears. The most popular breeds of laying hens in the United States lays white eggs, so that is what most people are used to. Marketers have tried to spin off brown eggs as a premium product, but they're basically no different than white eggs. That doesn't take into account qualifiers like cage-free or free range. Eggs that are cage free or free range can come in white, brown, or any color in between.
The Food Lab's Complete Guide to Sous Vide Steak Directions. 1  1. Light one chimney full of charcoal. When all the charcoal is lit and covered with gray ash, pour out and arrange the coals on one side of the charcoal grate. 2  2. Place corn directly over hot side of grill and cook, turning occasionally, until charred on all sides and fully tender, about 10 minutes total.
Stages of Puppy Teeth Puppies are initially born without teeth. They do not receive their first puppy teeth until they reach the age of between six and eight weeks old. They grow a total of 28 teeth, which are known as baby teeth or deciduous teeth. The first teeth that fall out are the incisor teeth, followed by the premolars and the canines. Puppies do not have molar teeth, only premolars. Their upper and lower canine teeth are at the back of their mouths and are larger. Their upper and lower incisor teeth are located in the middle.
She's Out of My League She's Out of My League She's Out of My League is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Jim Field Smith and written by Sean Anders and John Morris. The film stars Jay Baruchel and Alice Eve, and was produced by Jimmy Miller and David Householter for Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures and filmed in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Production on the film finished in 2008. The film received its wide theatrical release on March 12, 2010. It is the first feature film directed by Smith. Kirk Kettner is a TSA officer at Pittsburgh International Airport, along with his friends, Stainer,
Introducing: The White IPA Let’s take a look at where this type of beer came from and what you should be on the look-out for. At the most basic level a White IPA is a beer that mixes the hop-character and brewing techniques of an India Pale Ale with the wheat base and spice additions of the refreshing Belgian wit beer. We’ve talked about the basics of the IPA style before, so let’s take a quick look at the Belgian wit.
Tara Reid Tara Donna Reid (born November 8, 1975) is an American actress. She is known for playing Vicky in the films "American Pie" (1999), "American Pie 2" (2001) and "American Reunion" (2012), and Bunny Lebowski in "The Big Lebowski" (1998). In 2013, she starred as April Wexler in the television film "Sharknado", and went on to reprise the role in four sequels (2013–2017).
Yes, it doesn't even require especially hot surfaces to have a measurable effect. The [Pioneer Anomaly](_URL_0_) is very probably caused by this: the heat from the spaceship's power source (note that this is not a propulsion system, just a source of electricity) leaks mainly out of one side of the craft and the radiation pressure from this effect leads to significant and measurable deviations in the craft's path from what was predicted.
Related Info About Polk State College. Polk State College, established in 1964, is a multi-campus institution serving over 20,000 students with Bachelor of Applied Science, Bachelor of Science, Associate in Arts and Associate in Science degrees, as well as a wide range of certificate and workforce training options. The College also operates three charter high schools.
How do I recover hacked Instagram account?
Museum of Steel The Museum of Steel, known as the "Museo del Acero", is located in the city of Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
- Definition of creature comfort. : something (such as food, warmth, or special accommodations) that gives bodily comfort.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
In some cases you might buy other things (houses, cars, etc.) that are worth money that you could separately insure. You might also invest in businesses or other things that are insured. You can also split up cash between banks. So if you are insured for $250k at one bank, you can have another $250k at another bank.
The Human Genome Project The actual overlay of the Human Genome Project is enormous. Mapping and sequencing was initially projected to take 15 years, and be completed in 2005 at an estimated cost of three billion dollars. However, recent reports state that progress has been more rapid than previously expected.
Superconductivity in efficient thermoelectric
  Cu$_3$Sb$_{0.98}$Al$_{0.02}$Se$_4$
- 1 The highest monthly average temperature in Ouray for July is 64 degrees. 2  The lowest monthly average temperature in Ouray for January is 25 degrees.  The most monthly precipitation in Ouray occurs in January with 0 inches.
RHA RHA is an acronym that may refer to: Rolled homogeneous armour Regional health authority (disambiguation)Religious Heritage of America Rental Housing Association of Puget Sound Residence Hall Association Rice husk ash, a by-product from rice culture used as cement admixture Rivers and Harbors Act, any number of various acts of legislation of the United States Congress Road Haulage Association Royal Hibernian Academy Royal Horse Artillery RNA helicase, an enzyme Rha may refer to: Rha, Netherlands, a population center in Steenderen Rhamnose, a monosaccharide The Ancient Greek rendering Ῥᾶ of the Scythian hydronym *Rā or *Rahā, the ancient name for the Volga River Rha (Cyrillic), a Cyrillic letter Letters from alphabets that can be called rha:र, ड़', ढ़, र्ह — Devanagari letters which can be called ra, ṛa or rha;Ԗ — the 23rd letter rha («ра») in the older (1924−1927) Moksha language Cyrillic alphabet See also [ edit]Ra (disambiguation)This disambiguation page lists articles associated with the title RHA. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article. 
CBC's sports coverage has also attained high viewership in border markets, including its coverage of the NHL's Stanley Cup Playoffs, which was generally considered to be more complete and consistent than coverage by other networks such as NBC. Its coverage of the Olympic Games also found a significant audience in border regions, primarily due to the fact that CBC aired more events live than NBC's coverage, which had been criticized in recent years for tape delaying events to air in primetime, even if the event is being held in a market in the Pacific Time Zone during primetime hours on the East (where it would still be delayed for West coast primetime).
Driving with my cockatiel
- Back to Alfalfa Diseases Alfalfa Diseases Images. Diseases can be a limiting factor in alfalfa production. In both hay and seed production, diseases can cause serious losses in yield, quality, and stand persistence. Death of plants is sometimes quick and obvious, but more often plant-kill by diseases is not so obvious.
If I'm not mistaken it's called "In with the good, out with the bad"
The BBC reported that France was the first journalist to face trial and be convicted under Operation Elveden since the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) had revised its guidance in April 2015 so that prosecutions would only be brought against journalists who had made payments to police officers over a period of time. As a result of the change in the CPS’ policy, charges against several journalists who had made payments to other types of public officials – including civil servants, health workers and prison staff - had been dropped. In July 2015, Private Eye magazine reported that at a costs hearing at the Old Bailey The Sun's parent company had refused to pay for the prosecution costs relating to France’s trial, leading the presiding judge to express his "considerable disappointment" at this state of affairs. Judge Timothy Pontius said in court that France’s illegal actions had been part of a "clearly recognised procedure at The Sun", adding that, "There can be no doubt that News International bears some measure of moral responsibility if not legal culpability for the acts of the defendant". The Private Eye report noted that despite this The Sun's parent organisation was "considering disciplinary actions" against France whilst at the same time it was also preparing to bring a case to the Investigatory Powers Tribunal against the London Metropolitan Police Service for its actions relating to him and two other journalists.
mind boggling mind bogglingmind-bog·glingadjective The definition of mind-boggling is something very confusing, puzzling or hard to comprehend. An example of mind boggling is the Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle. An example of mind boggling is when an avid chocolate lover hears that someone doesn't like chocolate. Your Dictionary definition and usage example. Copyright © 2018 by Love To Know Corp Link/Citemind-bogglinghard to comprehend; confusingsurprising, shocking, overwhelming, etc. Webster's New World College Dictionary, Fifth Edition Copyright © 2014 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved. Link/Citemind-bogglingadjective Informal Intellectually or emotionally overwhelming: “a mind-boggling bazaar of competing manufacturers and overlapping technologies” ( William D. Marbach )Related Forms:mind′-bog′glernoun THE AMERICAN HERITAGE® DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE, FIFTH EDITION by the Editors of the American Heritage Dictionaries. Copyright © 2016, 2011 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved. Link/Citemind-boggling Adjective ( comparative more mindboggling, superlative most mindboggling)That causes the mind to boggle; that is beyond one's ability to understand or figure out; bewildering; mystifying. Faced with a mindboggling selection of special-purpose shampoos, he gave up and simply purchased something inexpensive with a pleasant fragrance. Adjective ( comparative more mind-boggling, superlative most mind-boggling)Alternative spelling of mindboggling. English Wiktionary. Available under CC-BY-SA license. Link/Cite 
This effectively means that populations of organisms must have reached a certain measurable level of difference to be recognised as subspecies. Dean Amadon proposed in 1949 that subspecies would be defined according to the seventy-five percent rule which means that 75% of a population must lie outside 99% of the range of other populations for a given defining morphological character or a set of characters. The seventy-five percent rule still has defenders but other scholars argue that it should be replaced with ninety or ninety-five percent rule.
Bob the Builder (2015 TV series) Bob the Builder (2015 TV series) Bob the Builder is a CGI animated children's television series and a reboot of the British animated television show "Bob the Builder". It was first broadcast in the United States on PBS Kids, beginning on 1 September 2015. After the original show ended in 2012, Mattel bought the "Bob the Builder" franchise for a revamped series which premiered on Channel 5 on 1 September 2015. The series was given a visual overhaul for both the characters and the scenery, with Bob and his team moving to the bustling metropolis of Spring City. The CGI
This comment is not toxic.
What's Mending? #1Nov 1, 2015Mega Min Er69View User Profile View Posts Send Message Stone Miner Join Date: 7/16/2015Posts: 71Ok, so I might sound like a total doofus saying this because I haven't played minecraft in a while, but what does the Mending enchantment do? I just took the Minecraft Noob test! Check out what I scored. Think you can beat me?! To take the test, check out http://minecraftnoobtest.com/test.php War, war never changes. The Beginning.http://technoterra.myminicity.com 
Academic journal From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Different types of peer-reviewed research journals; these specific publications are about economics An academic or scholarly journal is a periodical publication in which scholarship relating to a particular academic discipline is published. Academic journals serve as permanent and transparent forums for the presentation, scrutiny and discussion of research. They are usually peer-reviewed or refereed. [1] Content typically takes the form of articles presenting original research, review articles, and book reviews. The purpose of an academic journal, according to the first editor of the world's oldest academic journal Henry Oldenburg, is to give researchers a venue to "impart their knowledge to one another, and contribute what they can to the Grand design of improving natural knowledge, and perfecting all Philosophical Arts, and Sciences." [2]The term academic journal applies to scholarly publications in all fields; this article discusses the aspects common to all academic field journals. Scientific journals and journals of the quantitative social sciences vary in form and function from journals of the humanities and qualitative social sciences; their specific aspects are separately discussed. Contents [ hide ]1 Scholarly articles2 Reviewing2.1 Review articles2.2 Book reviews3 Prestige and ranking4 Costs5 New developments6 See also7 References8 Further reading9 External links Scholarly articles [ edit]There are two kinds of article or paper submissions in academia: solicited, where an individual has been invited to submit work either through direct contact or through a general submissions call, and unsolicited, where an individual submits a work for potential publication without directly being asked to do so. [3] Upon receipt of a submitted article, editors at the journal determine whether to reject the submission outright or begin the process of peer review. In the latter case, the submission becomes subject to review by outside scholars of the editor's choosing who typically remain anonymous. The number of these peer reviewers (or "referees") varies according to each journal's editorial practice – typically, no fewer than two, though sometimes three or more, experts in the subject matter of the article produce reports upon the content, style, and other factors, which inform the editors' publication decisions. Though these reports are generally confidential, some journals and publishers also practice public peer review. The editors either choose to reject the article, ask for a revision and resubmission, or accept the article for publication. Even accepted articles are often subjected to further (sometimes considerable) editing by journal editorial staff before they appear in print. The peer review can take from several weeks to several months. [4]Reviewing [ edit]Review articles [ edit]Main article: Review article Review articles, also called "reviews of progress," are checks on the research published in journals. Some journals are devoted entirely to review articles, some contain a few in each issue, and others do not publish review articles. Such reviews often cover the research from the preceding year, some for longer or shorter terms; some are devoted to specific topics, some to general surveys. Some journals are enumerative, listing all significant articles in a given subject, others are selective, including only what they think worthwhile. Yet others are evaluative, judging the state of progress in the subject field. Some journals are published in series, each covering a complete subject field year, or covering specific fields through several years. Unlike original research articles, review articles tend to be solicited submissions, sometimes planned years in advance. They are typically relied upon by students beginning a study in a given field, or for current awareness of those already in the field. [5]Book reviews [ edit]Not to be confused with Literary book review. Reviews of scholarly books are checks upon the research books published by sch
Native title in Australia may exist over land and waters to the extent that they are consistent with other rights established over the land by law or executive action. According to the National Native Title Tribunal: The native title rights and interests held by particular Aboriginal people will depend on both their traditional laws and customs and what interests are held by others in the area concerned. Generally speaking, native title must give way to the rights held by others. The capacity of Australian law to recognise the rights and interests held under traditional law and custom will also be a factor. Native title
Because it is more familiar to you. You have 10 fingers, 10 toes, two eyes, two ears, two arms, two legs, etc. Yes, you have one nose and one mouth but the number two satisfies your natural sense of symmetry more easily. The reason that five is comfortable is because of five fingers and five toes.
- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) is a federal agency that conducts and supports health promotion, prevention and preparedness activities in the United States with the goal of improving overall public health.
Pathways of savannization in a mesic African savanna-forest mosaic following an extreme fire
Minncare Sterilant Minncare Sterilant Protect Both You and Your System. Minncare Sterilant is a peracetic acid solution developed for use on reverse osmosis (RO) membranes and their associated distribution systems. Peracetic acid formulations were developed by Minntech Corporation in 1976 and are currently being used in a wide variety of applications.
- QMB (Qualified Medicare Beneficiary Program) The QMB program provides the following benefits: Payment of Medicare Part A monthly premiums (when applicable). Payment of Medicare Part B monthly premiums and annual deductible. Payment of co-insurance and deductible amounts for services covered under both Medicare Parts A and B.
Need help paying for your CONCERTAÂ® (methylphenidate HCI) Extended-release Tablets CII prescription? Visit CONCERTA for Children. CONCERTA is a prescription product approved for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as part of a total treatment program that may include counseling or other therapies. IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION. Talk to your healthcare professional for a proper diagnosis and treatment of ADHD.
French and Saunders Still Alive French and Saunders: Still Alive! is a 2008 tour by comedy duo Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders. They performed in the UK in February - May in 2008 and were at Drury Lane, London for a month. The tour continued to Australia in mid-2009. There were many positive reviews for the UK leg of the tour, yet most reviews on the Australian leg were poor and negative. The first leg of the show concluded in May 2008. The show ended 9 November, in London. Previously they have toured their comedy act / sketch show very rarely, with UK tours in 1990 & 2000. The current tour contains a selection of their favourite sketches, as well as new material written specifically for the tour. The show was directed by Hamish McColl, set design by Lez Brotherstone, lighting, video and visual effects by Willie Williams.
What are the best educational apps for Android tablets?
Navy Federal Credit Union Checking Account Review Additionally, this product earns 0.05% APY and offers $10 in fee rebates per statement cycle. As long as you have a direct deposit set up or make 20 debit transactions with your Navy Federal e-Checking account, the $5 monthly fee will be waived.
Burke knew that many members of the Whig Party did not share Fox's views and he wanted to provoke them into condemning the French Revolution. Burke wrote that he wanted to represent the whole Whig party "as tolerating, and by a toleration, countenancing those proceedings" so that he could "stimulate them to a public declaration of what every one of their acquaintance privately knows to be...their sentiments". Therefore, on 3 August 1791 Burke published his Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs, in which he renewed his criticism of the radical revolutionary programmes inspired by the French Revolution and attacked the Whigs who supported them, as holding principles contrary to those traditionally held by the Whig party.
The Old Testament is written in a much more metaphorical style. It goes back to "God created the heavens and the Earth", in an abstract way. It was written long after the events described. The New Testament is written in the style of a contemporaneous narrative. It was written only a couple of hundred years after the events described. It also contains many direct quotes of Jesus. If there is something that Catholics take historically, it's those quotes.
That is called depression. It's a very complex subject that can have uncounted different causes and different effects on everybody. It's only recently that people have started looking at depression scientifically, and there are a lot of questions about it that haven't yet been answered. If you personally are suffering from depression, I would recommend trying to talk to a therapist about it.
The Shack (2017 film) The Shack (2017 film) The Shack is a 2017 American Christian drama film directed by Stuart Hazeldine and written by John Fusco, Andrew Lanham and Destin Cretton, based on the 2007 novel of the same name by William P. Young. The film stars Sam Worthington, Octavia Spencer, Graham Greene, Radha Mitchell, Alice Braga, Sumire Matsubara, Aviv Alush, and Tim McGraw. Filming began on June 8, 2015, in Vancouver, British Columbia. The film was released in the United States on March 3, 2017, and grossed over $96 million worldwide. Mackenzie "Mack" Phillips suffered physical and emotional abuse as a child at
- The text above is a follow-up to ... -----Question-----. after taking a 80mg dose of methodone how long does it take for the effects to reach there peak or there maximum effect. -----Answer-----. Dear Charles, It takes about 4 hours for methadone to reach its peak concentration following oral administration. Some relief of pain occurs after 30 to 60 minutes and the duration of action is initially 6 to 8 hours.
Lead wheel weights banned in California by 2009 Auto Tech Lead wheel weights banned in California by 2009The Center for Environmental Health in Oakland, Calif., announced it has reached a legal agreement with Chrysler and the three largest producers of automobile wheel balancing weights.by Antuan Goodwin August 22, 20082:17 PM PDTThe Center for Environmental Health (CEH) in Oakland, Calif., announced it has reached a legal agreement with Chrysler and the three largest producers of automobile wheel-balancing weights (Plombco, Hennessey, and Perfect Equipment), requiring the companies to end the use of leaded wheel weights in California by the end of 2009. According to the U. S. Geological Survey (USGS), about 65,000 tons of lead wheel weights are in use on cars and trucks in the U. S., and it is estimated that at least 3 percent of wheel weights fall off of cars and trucks. USGS states that the discarded wheel weights are ground by traffic and the particles are dispersed by wind and rain, eventually finding their way into the water supply. By the CEH's estimates, an annual 500,000 pounds of lead are introduced into California alone due to lost wheel weights. Lead wheel weights have been banned in the EU since July 2005, and Japan and Korea are phasing them out. Yet EPA has refused to enact a ban, instead relying on voluntary industry action. Washington, Maine, and Massachusetts have considered such legislation, but the CEH settlement creates the first binding statewide ban on shipments from the major wheel weight suppliers. Under the settlement, Plombco will end shipments of leaded wheel weights into California by the end of this year; Hennessey and Perfect Equipment agreed to end shipments by the end of 2009. Chrysler is now quickly phasing out the use of lead wheel weights nationwide, due in part to CEH's action. Also under the agreement, Chrysler is required to eliminate its use of leaded wheel weights on 55 percent of its automobiles by the end of July, and the company says it has already exceeded that goal. The settlement requires Chrysler to fully eliminate lead in wheel weights on cars intended for sale in California by July 31, 2009. Share your voice Post a comment Tags Auto Tech This device is unable to play the requested video. Close Be respectful, keep it clean and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion. Next Article: 2018 Geneva Motor Show preview: Something for everyone 
1. Advertisers pay them to show commercials. 2. Cable providers pay them to be allowed to carry their content.
If atheists don't believe in God, but aren't sure he doesn't exist, what do they think caused the universe?
How do I cancel a transfer?
There are different types of pain because there are different types of injury. The entire point of the sensation of pain, is your unconscious brain telling your conscious mind that some kind of damage has been done to the body. If a scrape or graze felt exactly the same as a broken bone, there would be no way for us to know how serious the injury was, or how to treat it. Pain is a key part of survival instinct. A serious injury hurts more, because our brain is telling us to absolutely stop what we are doing and tend to the injury, where as a less serious injury might not bother us, or we might not notice until later, because of adrenaline if we were, for example, hunting.
Scaling Limit for the Space-Time Covariance of the Stationary Totally
  Asymmetric Simple Exclusion Process
. More Tweet Print Email Text Follow PSU Wrestling: Follow @Penn State WREST05/28/2015Wrestling's Casey Cunningham Inducted into MAC Hall of Fame Lion assistant coach one of five inducted in MAC's Class of '1503/17/2013MATCH NOTES: Nittany Lion Wrestlers Look for Third Straight NCAA Title Sanderson and company sending 10 wrestlers to Des Moines for title chase11/28/2012English's Perseverance Pays Off Lions host Nittany Lion Open on Sunday08/22/2012Cael Sanderson Signs Contract Extension to Helm Nittany Lion Wrestling Program Through 2017Penn State on two-year NCAA and Big Ten title run03/22/2012Nittany Lion David Taylor Wins Hodge Trophy as National Wrestler of the Year Ruth second, Molinaro fourth in voting as Lions finish 1,2 and 4 in voting. Casey Cunningham is in his ninth year on the Penn State Nittany Lion wrestling staff. Named head assistant coach by Cael Sanderson in April 2009, Cunningham is in his 17th year as a collegiate coach. Cunningham served as Cael Sanderson’s head assistant coach at Iowa State as well. Prior to his one-year stint in Ames, he was head assistant coach at Central Michigan for seven years (2001-08). He began his coaching career in 1999 as a graduate assistant at CMU and then spent a year at the Olympic Training Center. During his tenure at CMU, he helped lead 18 Chippewas to All-American honors and 35 Mid-American titles. During Cunningham’s last season as an assistant, Central Michigan finished seventh at the 2008 NCAA Championships. CMU dominated the MAC during Cunningham’s time with the Chippewas, winning the last 10 regular season championships, including all eight during his run as an assistant. As a wrestler, Cunningham is among Central Michigan’s all-time greats. He capped off his collegiate career in 1999 by winning the 157-pound title in the Bryce Jordan Center, earning the school’s first Division I national title and only the second individual title in the school’s history in any sport. The two-time All-American (national runner-up in 1998) won three MAC championships (1996, 1997, 1999) and was twice named MAC Wrestler of the Year (1998, 1999). Cunningham finished his Chippewa career with a 134-19 record. An accomplished international competitor, Cunningham won the 2008 Pan American Games silver medal and was two time U. S. Nationals and World Team Trials runner-up. An outstanding student, Cunningham was a four-time NWCA Academic All-American. Cunningham earned his bachelor’s degree in sociology with an emphasis in criminal justice from CMU in 1999. His wife, Tara (Nott), is an Olympic champion, having won the gold medal in weight lifting at the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games. The couple has three sons, Hayden, Asher and Ryder and two daughters, Saige and Sterling. THE CUNNINGHAM FILEBirthday: April 25, 1976 Birthplace: Carson City, Mich. Hometown: Middleton, Mich. Alma Mater: Central Michigan `99 Spouse: Tara Children: Hayden, Asher, Ryder, Saige and Sterling COACHING EXPERIENCE* 2009-Pres. : Head Assistant Coach, Penn State * 2008-09: Assistant Head Coach, Iowa State * 2001-08: Assistant Coach, Central Michigan * 1999-00: Graduate Assistant, Central Michigan Wrestling Home Email this article Printer-friendly format 
When you are trying to measure that precisely, even small variations in the environment can have a profound effect. Those scales measure the downward pressure on the plate to determine weight, so even a slight breeze from the labs A/C could put enough pressure on the plate to change the reading (that's the reason they have those sliding doors)
Why are root hairs important to plants? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Science Biology Biochemistry Photosynthesis Why are root hairs important to plants? Flag Why are root hairs important to plants? Answer by Pokemon 1996 master Confidence votes 614Root hairs form an important surface over which plants absorb most of their water and nutrients. The cell structure of root hairs exhibits a large surface area to volume ratio. This is an important evolutionary function that enables a large amount of water and mineral absorption into the organism without wasting valuable energy. Root hairs are highly specialized cells necessary for a vascular plant's ability to maintain its survival. A root hair is a tubular outgrowth of root epidermal cells of vascular plants. They are found only in the region of maturation of the root. Root hairs are a specialized form of rhizoid. In other words... A root hair is a tubular outgrowth of root epidermal cells of vascular plants. They are found only in the region of maturation of the root. Root hairs are a specialized form of rhizoid. Root hairs form an important surface over which plants absorb most of their water and nutrients. They are also directly involved in the formation of root nodules in legume plants. They have a large surface area, relative to the other cells, that help them absorb water and minerals more efficiently. Root hairs are usually an outgrowth of a single epidermal cell that grow out of the roots. In other words, they are one cell thick, and therefore very fragile. This is why if you pull a plant out of the ground even with its visible roots still attached, the plant will often die when replanted. It needs the root hairs' extra surface area. :-D17 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Garjt 62 Contributions What does a plant root hair cell do? Answer They are a useful part in the plan. They collect water from underground. Strangely though, as they are plant cells, they don't have any chloroplasts. That is because t …Msmith4820 16 Contributions What do root hairs do for a plant? They increase the root's surface area, allowing it to better absorb water and minerals. Why do plant roots have tiny hairs?to increase the surface area of absorption for the plant Keshia Davis 377,352 Contributions An Answers contributor. What are root hairs in plants? They are just tiny roots that grow from other roots and look a bit like hair. Betaclamp 22,524 Contributions Why do plant roots have tiny root hairs? To increase the surface area of absorption used for providing the Plant with Water; and they also provide a larger surface area for anchorage. They are used to absorb wate …Robot Wizard 6 Contributions What is the function of root hairs on plants? Root hairs are extremely important in water and nutrient uptake. Root hairs are ephemeral (shortlived) structures that have a high pay-off for the plant. The plant does not ha …Is a root hair cell in a plant?yes, it is in the root, and is used for intake of vital minerals, water etc Where are root hairs located on a plant? They are located on the top of a root. Where in a plant is the root hair cell?its in the roots Ramkishore Singh Rathore 9,008 Contributions Ph. D., F. B. S. is Ex- Head of Botany Department, R B S College, Agra and Ex- Principal Government College, Port Blair Root hairs are very important to a plant since they? Help in the absorption of water and minerals. What is the role of the root hairs in plants? Tiny, hair-like outgrowth of some surface cells of plant roots that greatly increases the area available for the absorption of water and other materials such as minerals . It …Why are root hairs very important to plants? So they can absorb nutrients and water and store them. Answered In Science Why are root hair cells important to plants?because it helps it to absorb water from the soli. Keshia Davis 377,352 Contributions An Answers contributor. Answered In Botany or Plant Biology What do root and root hairs do for a plant? They help the plant to absorb water and nutrients from the soil. Answer
Future Trees Trust in England and Wales, and Ireland. It is supported by a network of organisations, and has six species groups that lead research on: ash, birch, cherry, oak, sycamore, and walnut. Future Trees Trust The Future Trees Trust is a charity, which was formed in 2008, which aims to improve and increase the stock of hardwood trees in Britain and Ireland. The British and Irish Hardwoods Improvement Programme (BIHIP) was established in 1991 with the aim of improving and increasing the stock of hardwood trees in Britain and Ireland. It was renamed the Future Trees Trust in 2008. The Future Trees
Trust in the scientific research community predicts intent to comply with COVID-19 prevention measures: An analysis of a large-scale international survey dataset In the present study, I explored the relationship between peoples trust in different agents related to prevention of spread of COVID-19 and their compliance with pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical preventive measures. The COVIDiSTRESSII Global Survey dataset, which was collected from international samples, was analysed to examine the aforementioned relationship across different countries. For data-driven exploration, network analysis and Bayesian generalized linear model (GLM) analysis were performed. The result from network analysis demonstrated that trust in the scientific research community was most central in the network of trust and compliance. In addition, the outcome from Bayesian GLM analysis indicated that the same factor, trust in the scientific research community, was most fundamental in predicting participants intent to comply with both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical preventive measures. I briefly discussed the implications of the findings, the importance of trust in the scientific research community in explaining peoples compliance with measure to prevent spread of COVID-19.
[Here is a map by Sebastian Münster, from 1540](_URL_5_), which shows the lake area connected to a great north sea extending to the Pacific. [via [Princeton](_URL_4_)] The main argument against the idea that they would be considered oceans is the fact that they are fresh water, not salt water.  Given that the St. Lawrence River (leading to the Great Lakes) was a major route for the French colonization of America, my guess is that they had a better idea of the Lakes sooner than the inland areas beyond them. Wisconsin's Water Library has a [selection of maps](_URL_3_) dating back to 1670 that show a fairly good understanding of the areas long before the US would be founded.
plasma protein plasma protein. albumin, fibrinogen, prothrombin, and the gamma globulins, which constitute 6% to 7% of the blood plasma. Proteins maintain osmotic pressure, increase blood viscosity, and help maintain blood pressure. All the plasma proteins except the gamma globulins are synthesized in the liver. See also antibody, serum.
How to Become a Pediatric Dentist In order to become a pediatric dentist specialist, a qualified candidate must first graduate from dental school, pass their dental certification examinations, complete a two year residency program, and become a board-certified specialist of pediatric dentistry.
Elevation. "Octane" is a description of how much compression the fuel can be put under before it spontaneously ignites. The higher the octane number, the more pressure the fuel can take before it just ignites. An engine wants to take the fuel/air mixture as close to this point as possible (but not past it) before the spark plug sparks and lights the fuel. This (I think) ensures the most power for a given amount of fuel. When you go to a higher elevation (like the mountains in Idaho), the air is thinner. This means the pistons in the engine can't compress the air as much. Since the pressure in the engine can't go as high, you need to use a fuel designed to ignite at a lower level of compression, a.k.a. a lower octane number.
This comment is not toxic.
Coreg COREG (carvedilol) is indicated for the treatment of mild-to-severe chronic heart failure of ischemic or cardiomyopathic origin, usually in addition to diuretics, ACE inhibitors, and digitalis, to increase survival and, also, to reduce the risk of hospitalization [see DRUG INTERACTIONS and Clinical Studies ].rior to initiation of COREG (carvedilol) , it is recommended that fluid retention be minimized. The recommended starting dose of COREG (carvedilol) is 3.125 mg twice daily for 2 weeks.
Oven-Baked Salmon Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes.Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash, if desired.Mince the shallot and add to a small bowl.lace salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash, if desired. Mince the shallot and add to a small bowl.
Quote by [u/APRSNerd](_URL_0_) from a [different post](_URL_1_):  > A lot of diseases mutate very quickly - the flu and colds are great examples of this. They try to guess which flu strains will be common each year, and produce vaccines for those strains, but they are wrong sometimes. The "common" cold changes so fast that they don't even bother trying.
Planes actually exist in both variants, some even have both types of propellers (pushing and pulling). There are pros and cons of each setup, mostly having to do with aerodynamics. Wikipedia has a good summary of it: [_URL_0_](_URL_1_) And re boats, this has been answered for example here: [_URL_2_](_URL_2_) (i.e. the main issue is construction of a boat vs. a plane that would make a front-mounted tractor propeller impractical and also efficiency losses due to the disturbed water hitting the hull of the boat)  & #x200B;
- World Travel Holdings Salary 55 11 96. World Travel Holdings average salary is $94,512, median salary is $86,846 with a salary range from $71,448 to $143,270. World Travel Holdings salaries are collected from government agencies and companies. Each salary is associated with a real job position. World Travel Holdings salary statistics is not exclusive and is for reference only.
Edgewood County Park Trail with fog rolling over the mountains. Edgewood County Park and Natural Preserve is a 467-acre protected area located in San Mateo County, California, United States, and is best known for its spring wildflower displays. The park receives about 50,000 visitors each year.
Not only smarter, it actually puts you in a good habit to read and interpret information. If you neglect reading now, it won't affect you much at a young age, but it'll bite you back when you get older and go to college/uni and higher levels
Every large celestial object has something called a "Roche limit" around it, which is the closest another gravitationally-bound object can be to it without breaking up. What we would see is that Jupiter would get larger and larger, but before we got to it properly the gravitational forces would start to rip the planet and us apart. We wouldn't survive to see the collision with an object that large.
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
Roth 401 (k) The Roth 401(k) is a type of retirement savings plan. It was authorized by the United States Congress under the Internal Revenue Code, section 402A, and represents a unique combination of features of the Roth IRA and a traditional 401(k) plan.oth IRA contribution limits are significantly less than 401(k) contribution limits. For tax-year 2014, individuals may contribute no more than $5,500 to a Roth IRA if under age 50, and $6,500 if age 50 or older.
Part of it is that the prepaid carriers often have slower service and limited access. Virgin mobile is owned by sprint, so they're still making money off it. A lot of times they will advertise unlimited data but it's usually throttled after a certain speed. Not the case for all providers but several times that's the reason.
Boulevard des Capucines (Monet) recently the Moscow picture has been favoured. Boulevard des Capucines (Monet) Boulevard des Capucines is an oil on canvas street scene painting of Boulevard des Capucines by French Impressionist artist Claude Monet created in 1873. From the late 1860s, Monet and other like-minded artists, met with rejection from the conservative Académie des Beaux-Arts which held its annual exhibition at the Salon de Paris. During the latter part of 1873, Monet, Renoir, Pissarro, and Sisley organized the to exhibit their artworks independently. At their first exhibition, held in April 1874, Monet exhibited the work that was to give the group its
Punic Wars The First Punic War broke out in 264 B.C. when Rome interfered in a dispute on the Carthaginian-controlled island of Sicily; the war ended with Rome in control of both Sicily and Corsica and marked the empire’s emergence as a naval as well as a land power.
Turmeric Turmeric is the dried rhizome (root) of the Curcuma longa plant and is one of the most widely used spices (curry) in India. Used for its flavor, as a food color and as an medicinal herb.urcumin is the active ingredient in Turmeric. Curcumin is the yellow-orange pigment and the most important ingredient in turmeric. Curcumin has many clinical applications, particularly as a powerful, yet safe, anti-inflammatory agent.
Claiming Prizes Now that you’ve won a prize, here’s how to claim it! Congratulations on winning the Lottery! Get the claim process started, just find your game below and click the “+” next to the type of prize you won. It can take up to 6 to 8 weeks to process a claimonce received by the Lottery.
What Is a Phenotype? - Definition & Example Definition of a Phenotype. An individual's phenotype consists of the traits we can observe. These can include features of appearance, behavior, metabolism, or anything else we can detect. On the other hand, an individual's genotype is what we call the genes that help to create that phenotype. There may be one gene at work, or more than one.
- A subpoena is a court order, even if signed by an attorney or court clerk instead of a judge. If you violate a court order to appear you can get into trouble for contempt of court or, in some cases, something worse. Moreover, if you are ever arrested for anything the whole rest of your life, your failure to appear in this case will be used against you to set a high bond, or to deny bond entirely.
Elkin, North Carolina Elkin, North Carolina. Elkin is a town in Surry and Wilkes counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina, along the Yadkin River. Elkin shares its name with the surrounding township of Elkin Township. The population was 4,001 at the 2010 census.
Where and How to Vote Where and How to Vote Any registered voter in California can decide whether to vote at a polling place or vote by mail. To learn more, select any of the questions shown below. Vote at a polling place Where is my polling place? Will I need to bring identification? What if my name is not on the voter list at the polling place? What voting system will I use? Vote by mail How do I get a ballot? When should I return my ballot? What if I am voting for the first time? Vote at a polling place Where is my polling place? The address of your polling place is on the back page of the county Voter Information Guide that your county elections official mailed to you. If you do not have the booklet, contact your county elections office, or call the Secretary of State's toll-free voter hotline at (800) 345-VOTE (8683). Will I need to bring identification? In most cases, California voters are not required to show identification at their polling place. However, it is a good idea to bring identification with you when you vote for the first time. A poll worker may ask to see your identification if you mailed your voter registration application and did not include your driver license number, California identification number, or the last four digits of your Social Security number. A copy of a recent utility bill, the county Voter Information Guide you received from your county elections office, or another document sent to you by a government agency are examples of acceptable forms of identification. Other examples include your passport, driver license, official California identification card, or student identification card. For more information on identification to use when you vote for the first time check the complete list or call the Secretary of State's toll-free voter hotline at (800) 345-VOTE (8683). What if my name is not on the voter list at the polling place? Even if your name is not on the voter list at the polling place, you have the right to vote with a provisional ballot. Your provisional ballot will be counted only after the elections official has confirmed you are a registered voter and you did not vote anywhere else in that election. The poll worker can give you information about how to check if your provisional ballot was counted and, if it was not counted, the reason why. What voting system will I use? Each county elections office selects a voting system from a list approved by the Secretary of State. Review How to Vote Using Your County's Voting System to find out which one your county uses. Vote by mail How do I get a ballot? To request a vote-by-mail ballot, your application must be received no later than 7 days before Election Day. You can complete the application in the county Voter Information Guide you received from your county elections office or fill in a California Vote-By-Mail Ballot Application you can print, sign, and mail to your county elections office. You may also contact your county elections official to see if your county allows you to apply by telephone. Anytime after 7 days, you will need to apply in person at your county elections office to request a vote-by-mail ballot for that election. Check Election Dates and Resources for this and other important election deadlines. When is the last day to return my vote-by-mail ballot? Vote-by-mail ballots that are personally delivered must be delivered no later than the close of polls at 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. Vote-by-mail ballots that are mailed must be postmarked on or before Election Day and received by your county elections office no later than 3 days after Election Day. If you are not sure your vote-by-mail ballot will arrive in time if mailed, bring it to any polling place in your county between 7:00 a.m. and 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. Check Election Dates and Resources for this and other important election deadlines. What if I am voting for the first time? When you registered to vote, you were asked to fill in your driver license number, California identification number, or the last four digits of your Social Security number. If you
- Homeacre-Lyndora is a census-designated place (CDP) in Butler County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 6,906 at the 2010 census.
Chemical Energy Facts Home > Facts > Energy Facts > Chemical Energy Facts Chemical Energy Facts Chemical Energy Facts The energy that results during a chemical reaction is called chemical energy. It is a type of potential energy. Chemical energy is stored within the bonds of the atoms and molecules that make up a substance. Once chemical energy is released from a substance, the substance is transformed into a new substance. Interesting Chemical Energy Facts: Chemical energy is stored inside a substance or object until it is involved in a chemical reaction. Our bodies use chemical energy to perform daily functions. During an exothermic chemical reaction, chemical energy in the form of heat is released. Plants perform a chemical reaction each time they use sunlight to make their own food during photosynthesis. Cooking is a good example of a chemical reaction that releases chemical energy. There are six basic types of chemical reactions: combustion, synthesis, single displacement, decomposition, double displacement, and acid-base. During combustion, chemical energy in the form of heat is released when oxygen combines with other substances to form water and carbon dioxide. When two simple substances combine to make a more complex substance during a chemical reaction it is called synthesis. Single displacement is a chemical reaction in which some atoms from one substance are transferred to another substance. When a complex substance breaks down into simpler substances during a chemical reaction, decomposition has occurred. Double displacement occurs when the atoms in one substance are exchanged with atoms of another substance during a chemical reaction. Acid-base is a double replacement chemical reaction that involves acids and bases. Chemical energy is used to make electricity when fossil fuels are burned. Batteries and explosives are other examples of objects that contain stored chemical energy. During the process of digestion, chemical energy is released when food is broken down. Related Links: Facts Energy Facts Animals Facts<a href="http://www.softschools.com/facts/energy/chemical_energy_facts/391/">Chemical Energy Facts</a> 
what is the different between default and generated serial version uid in java?
Brewing isn't fun to look at sometimes.
Difference Between Bootcut and Straight Leg Jeans Difference Between Bootcut and Straight Leg Jeans• Categorized under Objects | Difference Between Bootcut and Straight Leg Jeans Bootcut vs Straight Leg Jeans The primary difference between the two, is that straight leg jeans are straight right through, whereas the bottom is flared out in bootcut jeans. Straight leg jeans can be worn high at the waist or low at the waist, and would mostly be straight at the thigh, which means that they are not the clinging types. They will also not hang, or taper, at the knee. Bootcut jeans can also be worn high or low at the waist, and fit well in the thigh area. They will, of course, begin to taper at the knee, and there is a slight flare at the opening, but not as much as one would find in flare style jeans. They are just wide enough to cover a boot or shoe. As a matter of fact, they are somewhere between the width of a flare jean and a straight leg jean. Straight leg jeans essentially go over the legs, rather than change shape below the knee. Their diameter is the same at the knee level. They will not fit over your shoes like bootcuts. Instead, they are a little shorter, and end a few inches below the ankle. Bootcut jeans flare out subtly at the ends, unlike straight-leg jeans, and fit in a way that the back hem almost skims the floor, and the front hem covers your shoe. Thus we see that the bootcut and the straight cut are two ways of wearing a pair of jeans, and how you use the two styles, can enhance your personality. For instance, wearing bootcut jeans can disguise curvy hips, while jeans with straight legs are more suitable for short women. It is a fact, that clunky shoes go well with bootcut jeans, and not straight leg, so be careful of the shoe you choose with your jeans. Instead, you might want to wear tennis shoes with bootleg jeans, as the tapering jeans match perfectly with the top of the shoes. Women can even consider wearing high heels with bootcut jeans. Bootcut jeans are ideal for fun situations, while straight jeans are more suitable for formal occasions. It really is amazing that something as basic as a pair of jeans can have so much sartorial complexity. One could even write a long essay on the advantages of one over the other!What one finally decides to wear depends on one’s body type, and the reason why one is wearing them. While it makes sense to wear bootcuts to a party, it would be a little over the top if you wore them to the office. Summary:1. Straight leg jeans are straight right through, whereas bootcut jeans have a flare at the bottom.2. Straight-leg jeans essentially go over the legs, rather than change shape below the knee, whereas bootcut jeans flare out a subtly at the ends.3. Bootcut jeans can make curvy hips appear slimmer, while jeans with straight legs are more suitable for short women.4. Clunky shoes will go well with bootcut jeans, while straight legs are a good match with tennis shoes. Facebook Pinterest Twitter Google+ Print Share Search Difference Between.net : Custom Search Help us improve. Rate this post! ( 12 votes, average: 3.58 out of 5)Email This Post : If you like this article or our site. Please spread the word. Share it with your friends/family. Difference Between Skinny Jeans and Slim Jeans Differences Between Boot Cut and Flare Difference Between Skinny Jeans and Carrot Jeans Difference Between High Heels and Pumps Difference Between Men’s and Women’s Belt Difference Between Men’s and Women’s Vans Differences Between Sneakers and Trainers Cite Manisha Kumar. "Difference Between Bootcut and Straight Leg Jeans." Difference Between.net. January 10, 2010 < http://www.differencebetween.net/object/difference-between-bootcut-and-straight-leg-jeans/ >. 
Import all modules from a package
battery battery Also found in: Thesaurus, Medical, Legal, Financial, Acronyms, Idioms, Encyclopedia, Wikipedia . Bat·ter·yalso Bat·ter·y Park (băt′ə-rē)A park at the southern tip of Manhattan Island at the upper end of New York Bay in southeast New York. It is the site of early Dutch and English fortifications and of Castle Clinton, built in 1808 for the defense of the harbor.bat·ter·y (băt′ə-rē)n. pl. bat·ter·ies1. Electricity A device containing an electric cell or a series of electric cells storing chemicalenergy that can be converted into electrical energy, usually in the form of direct current.2.a. The act of beating or pounding.b. Law The unlawful and unwanted touching or striking of one person by another, withthe intention of bringing about a harmful or offensive contact.3.a. An emplacement for one or more pieces of artillery.b. A set of guns or other heavy artillery, as on a warship.c. An army artillery unit, corresponding to a company in the infantry.4.a. An array of similar things intended for use together: took a battery of achievementtests.b. An impressive body or group: a battery of political supporters.5. Baseball A pitcher and catcher considered as a unit.6. Music The percussion section of an orchestra. [Middle English batri, forged metal ware, from Old French baterie, a beating, from batre, to batter; see batter 1 . ]American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fifth Edition. Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.battery ( ˈbætərɪ) n, pl -teries1. (Electronics)a. two or more primary cells connected together, usually in series, to provide a source of electric currentb. short for dry battery2. (General Physics) another name for accumulator 13. a number of similar things occurring together: a battery of questions.4. (Law) criminal law unlawful beating or wounding of a person or mere touching in a hostile or offensive manner. See also assault and battery5. (Fortifications) a fortified structure on which artillery is mounted6. (Firearms, Gunnery, Ordnance & Artillery) a group of guns, missile launchers, searchlights, or torpedo tubes of similar type or size operated as a single entity7. (Firearms, Gunnery, Ordnance & Artillery) a small tactical unit of artillery usuallyconsisting of two or more troops, each of two, three, or four guns8. (Breeds) chieflya. a large group of cages for intensive rearing of poultryb. ( as modifier ): battery hens.9. (Psychology) psychol a series of tests10. (Chess & Draughts) chess two pieces of the same colour placed so that moving one canunmask an attack by the other11. (Classical Music) the percussion section in an orchestra12. (Baseball) baseball the pitcher and the catcher considered together [C16: from Old French batterie beating, from battre to beat, from Latin battuere]Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, 12th Edition 2014 © Harper Collins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014bat•ter•y (ˈbæt ə ri)n., pl. -ter•ies.1.a. a combination of two or more cells connected to produce electric energy.b. cell (def. 5).2.a. two or more pieces of artillery used for combined action.b. a tactical unit of artillery, usu. comprising six guns and the personnel and equipment to operate them.3.a. (on a warship) a group of guns having the same caliber or used for the samepurpose.b. the whole armament of a warship.4. any group or series of similar or related things, esp. things used for a common purpose: a battery of tests.5. Law. an unlawful attack upon another person, esp. by beating or wounding.6. a baseball pitcher and catcher considered as a unit.7. the act of beating or battering.8. an instrument used in battering. [1525–35; < Middle French batterie, derivative of battre to beat]Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary, © 2010 K Dictionaries Ltd. Copyright 2005, 1997, 1991 by Random House, Inc. All rights reserved.battery Electrons flow from the zinc casing throughthe light bulb to the carbon rod, making thebulb glow.
Dell 700M: need suggestions for OS I have an aging Dell 700m with RCW7 installed. I like W7 however soon I will need to update with another copy or another OS ( the graphics card did not work for W7). I need suggestions for good stable OS. Thanks!
MSL is more about answering the question how habitable some areas on mars might have been for life in the past than finding dead bacteria or viruses. It is currently investigating areas that look like dry riverbeeds. Once we found the most habitable places we might take closer looks there while we might also colonize them. _URL_0_ is basically a micrscope. It can focus to 0,013 millimeter per pixel. Good enough to see blurry colonies of bacteria. Most viruses are much smaller than that. _URL_1_ Shots lasers at dust and the colors the dust glows with tells you what elements the dust is made of to what percentages. If you find unusually higher concentrations of C, O, N, P and S in the right dosages you quickly get suspicious because organisms from our planet are all about gatherting those elements inside them to use them to make copies. An X-ray spectrometer can do the same. Less accurate but it can see trough rocks.
UNICORN Dictionary entry overview: What does unicorn mean? • UNICORN (noun) The noun UNICORN has 1 sense: 1. an imaginary creature represented as a white horse with a long horn growing from its forehead Familiarity information: UNICORN used as a noun is very rare.
Gravity isn't what is strong in a celestial body's core. Theoretically, the force of gravity in the dead center of a celestial body would be zero as you would be pulled the same amount in all directions.  Instead, think of a planet as a collection of atoms, each of which is pulling on all other atoms of the planet. The result is the atoms form into a sphere, as a sphere has the lowest potential energy as atoms move and shift about. Denser elements such as iron will be pulled into the center during this process, eventually resulting in a dense, metallic core.
1966 Atlantic hurricane season The 1966 Atlantic hurricane season featured the tropical cyclone with the longest track in the Atlantic basin – Hurricane Faith. Also during the year, the Miami, Florida Weather Office was re-designated the National Hurricane Center. The season officially began on June 1, and lasted until November 30. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin. It was a near average season in terms of tropical storms, with a total of 11 named storms. The first system, Hurricane Alma, developed over eastern Nicaragua on June 4. Alma brought severe flooding to Honduras and later to Cuba, after crossing the western Caribbean Sea. The storm also brought relatively minor impact to the Southeastern United States. Alma caused 91 deaths and about $210.1 million (1966 USD) in damage.
This comment is not toxic.
- Driving distance from South Lake Tahoe, CA to Reno, NV. The total driving distance from South Lake Tahoe, CA to Reno, NV is 59 miles or 95 kilometers. Your trip begins in South Lake Tahoe, California. It ends in Reno, Nevada. If you are planning a road trip, you might also want to calculate the total driving time from South Lake Tahoe, CA to Reno, NV so you can see when you'll arrive at your destination.
Rusted metal doesn't actually cause tetanus. Tetanus is caused by the bacterium Clostridium tetani, which often resides in soil, dust, feces etc.  Tetanus can be caused by any puncture wound infected with this bacterium. The reason why rusted metal poses a higher risk of infection has to do with the depth of the potential wound (tetanus thrives in low oxygen environments such as deep below the skin) and the fact that old, rusted metal has a higher probability of being exposed to the bacterium. So tl:dr any wound can cause Tetanus, but rusty metal is risky because old, dirty and pokey.
This comment is not toxic.
How to Bake a Marinated Chicken Breast Marinades help to break down the composition of meats, allowing them to absorb more moisture so that they stay tender and juicy during baking. When you marinate chicken breasts, they also soak up the flavors from the marinade, effectively seasoning the meat. The longer you allow your chicken breasts to marinate, the more tender the meat will become. To bake marinated chicken breasts, you will need approximately five minutes for preparation and 40 minutes for cooking time. Things You'll Need3/4 cup balsamic vinegar1/4 cup water2 teaspoon dried, minced onions1 teaspoon crushed red pepper1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper1/4 teaspoon salt1/4 teaspoon paprika1/4 teaspoon dried parsley1/4 teaspoon chili powder1-gallon freezer bag Four 6-ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts Baking pan Cooking spray Combine 3/4 cup vinegar, 1/4 cup water, 2 teaspoons dried onion, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1/2 teaspoon black pepper, 1/4 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon paprika, 1/4 teaspoon parsley and 1/4 teaspoon chili powder in a freezer bag. Seal the bag and shake to mix all the ingredients. Add the chicken breasts to the marinade. Reseal the bag, and refrigerate for one to 24 hours. Preheat your oven to 400-degrees Fahrenheit. Coat a baking pan with a thin layer of cooking spray. Remove the chicken breasts from the marinade, and allow the excess marinade to drip off before placing them onto the baking pan. Bake the chicken breasts in the preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until the meat’s juices run clear. Remove the chicken from the oven. Allow the meat to stand for five minutes before serving. 
Escrow Accounting Rules: Are You in Compliance? 3 After the first year, a borrower can ask the lender to opt out of the escrow account, but the lender has the right to reject the request. The effective date for the HOEPA escrow requirements is April 1, 2010, with an extension to October 1, 2010 for manufactured homes. Financial institutions offering loans qualifying as higher-priced mortgage loans will be required to provide escrow accounts for those loans.
- Chai lattes are a delicious take on traditional chai tea. Similar to a latte made with espresso, the chai latte combines frothy milk with a concentrated brew of spiced tea. Just follow these simple steps and you can enjoy a delicious homemade chai latte, perfect for cold winter days or as a unique after-dinner treat.
What do men of 21st century prefer workaholic girls or house wife?
You don't support communism by shopping at Walmart. Walmart doesn't shut down small businesses. They out compete small businesses - it sucks, but it's not something for you not to be okay with. It saves you money. The money you save needs to come from somewhere, right?
Ingredients Buttermilk is ideal in baking because there's no fat and it acts very much like whole milk in pancakes and muffins. If you are going to substitute buttermilk for milk in your recipes, you'll need to change the amount of baking soda and baking powder as well. This is because of the higher acid content in buttermilk. You will usually need less baking soda or baking powder. For each cup of buttermilk used instead of milk you will want to use 2 teaspoons less baking powder and add 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda. Enter your search terms Submit search form drgourmet.com Web.
How to Link Twitter to Facebook How to Link Twitter to Facebook By Sarah Barnes Share Twitter, with its short-message style, can be described as a sort of alternate Facebook, with just status updates. Although Facebook has some capabilities Twitter lacks, such as photo albums and a more detailed profile page, its status-update feature is very similar to that of Twitter's Tweet feature. If you use both Twitter and Facebook, you can link your accounts together so that your Tweets also post as Facebook statuses with no extra work on your part. Video of the Day When you link Twitter and Facebook, you can post one status message to both sites. Step Log in to Facebook and visit the Twitter application page. Step Click "Allow" to give Twitter permission to access your Facebook account. Step Click "Sign in with Twitter," then "Allow" to complete the connection process. If you're not already logged in to Twitter, you'll be prompted to do so. Step Use the check boxes in the "App permissions" section to direct where you want your Tweets to be posted; you can post them to your personal profile or to a page you administer. Note that @reply Tweets and direct messages won't be posted to your Facebook news feed. Show Comments Related Articles How to Make a Picture Smaller for Twitter How to Send a DM Blast on Twitter How to Get More Followers on Twitter How to Find My Twitter URLHow to Make a Fan Page on Twitter How to Hide All Retweets 
Big Little Lies  (novel) Big Little Lies (novel)From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the 2014 novel. For the TV series based on it, see Big Little Lies (TV series). Big Little Lies Author Liane Moriarty Published 2014Publisher Penguin Publishing ISBN 978-0-399-16706-5Big Little Lies is a 2014 novel written by Liane Moriarty. It was published in July 2014 by Penguin Publishing. [1] The novel made the New York Times Best Seller list. [2]Contents [ hide ]1 Synopsis2 Writing3 Reception4 Television adaptation5 References Synopsis [ edit]Jane, a single mother, is on her way to Pirriwee Public School, where her son Ziggy is starting kindergarten. On the way, she meets Madeline, another mother with a daughter of the same age. Madeline’s friend Celeste is also sending her twin sons, Max and Josh, to school. The two strike up a friendship with Jane. All three of them have their own problems: Madeline is resentful that her daughter from her previous marriage is growing close to her ex-husband's new wife, Bonnie; Celeste is physically abused by her rich banker husband, Perry; and Jane was raped and left to raise her son Ziggy on her own. To make matters worse for her, Ziggy is accused of bullying a classmate on his first day of school. As months pass, the three become close and Jane shares her experience with the other women. With the information Jane gives, Celeste and Madeline realize that the father is Perry's cousin, Saxon Banks, but decide to keep it from Jane for the time being. Meanwhile, Celeste's marriage becomes even more violent and she starts meeting a counselor and rents an apartment for herself, without Perry's knowledge. Ziggy is once again accused of bullying his classmate, though he denies it. On the night of Pirriwee Public's Trivia Night, Josh tells Celeste that it is Max, not Ziggy, who is bullying the other children. She realizes that Max is mimicking Perry and finally decides to leave him. Perry finds out about the new house, and despite being shaken, the couple still goes to the Trivia Night. Once they reach the school, Jane sees Perry and realizes that he is, in fact, "Saxon Banks" and confronts him in front of Madeline and Celeste. Celeste recalls Perry's childhood stories where he used his cousin's name to avoid trouble for himself. Perry admits to raping Jane but shows no remorse. In the ensuing argument between them, Perry hits Celeste. Enraged by what she has witnessed, Bonnie pushes him to his death from the balcony. In the aftermath of the fall, Madeline finds out that Bonnie had an abusive father and seeing Perry's violence brought back bad memories. Everybody on the balcony decides to lie to protect Bonnie, but she turns herself in. She is only sentenced to 200 hours of community service. A year after Perry's death, Celeste works in a family law firm and sets up a trust fund for Ziggy. She speaks publicly about her abusive relationship, starting her speech with: "This can happen to anyone. "Writing [ edit]Moriarty's main inspiration for the story came from a radio interview she heard in which a woman recounted her parents' abusive relationship. [3] The woman narrated how, even as an adult, she hid under her bed to escape her parents' fighting, an experience Moriarty ended up using as a scene in the book. [3] Initially, the book was a first-person narrative from each of the three main characters, but Moriarty soon decided against it, instead interjecting minor characters' statements between portions of the story. [4]Reception [ edit]Big Little Lies has generally been well received by critics, who praised the book's balance of humour with more serious issues like domestic abuse. Janet Maslin of The New York Times wrote: "A seemingly fluffy book suddenly touches base with vicious reality, in ways that may give Big Little Lies even more staying power than The Husband's Secret [Moriarty's previous book]." [5] Roberta Bernstein of USA Today gave it three stars out of four, deeming it "a fun, engaging and sometimes disturbing read, even if the characters are more conc
Almost the same as it does on the ground. The force of gravity you feel is determined by how far you are from the centre of mass. There's not much difference between 6371km and 6800km.  Edit - To go further, and I hope I'm remembering this right, to calculate the ISS's experience of gravity you'd divide the square of the ground's distance from the centre of mass by the square of the ISS's distance from the centre of mass. It comes out to a force of gravity of about 88% of that experienced on the ground.
- Origin of the word cancer. The disease was first called cancer by Greek physician Hippocrates (460-370 BC). He is considered the “Father of Medicine.” Hippocrates used the terms carcinos and carcinoma to describe non-ulcer forming and ulcer-forming tumors. In Greek this means a crab.ater Roman physician, Celsus (28-50 BC) translated the Greek term into cancer, the Latin word for crab. It was Galen (130-200 AD), another Roman physician, who used the term oncos (Greek for swelling) to describe tumors. Oncos is the root word for oncology or study of cancers.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower The Perks of Being a Wallflower The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a coming-of-age epistolary novel by American writer Stephen Chbosky, which was first published on February 1, 1999, by Pocket Books. Set in the early 1990s, the novel follows Charlie, an introverted teenager, through his freshman year of high school in a Pittsburgh suburb. The novel details Charlie’s unconventional style of thinking as he navigates between the worlds of adolescence and adulthood, and attempts to deal with poignant questions spurred by his interactions with both his friends and family. Chbosky took five years to develop and publish "The
The Thundermans The Thundermans From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search The Thundermans Genre Comedy Created by Jed Spingarn Starring Kira Kosarin Jack Griffo Addison Riecke Diego Velazquez Chris Tallman Rosa Blasi Maya Le Clark Composer (s) Ron Wasserman Country of origin United States Original language (s)English No. of seasons 4No. of episodes 94 ( list of episodes)Production Executive producer (s)Jed Spingarn Dan Cross & David Hoge Sean W. Cunningham & Marc Dworkin Producer (s) Patty Gary-Cox Camera setup Multi-camera Running time 22–23 minutes Production company (s)Cross Hoge Productions Nickelodeon Productions Dworkingham Productions Release Original network Nickelodeon Picture format 1080i ( HDTV)Audio format Stereo Original release October 14, 2013 – present External links Website The Thundermans is an American comedy television series created by Jed Spingarn that premiered on Nickelodeon on October 14, 2013. The series stars Kira Kosarin, Jack Griffo, Addison Riecke, Diego Velazquez, Chris Tallman, Rosa Blasi, and Maya Le Clark. Contents [ hide ]1 Plot2 Cast and characters3 Production4 Episodes5 Ratings6 Awards and nominations7 References8 External links Plot [ edit]The series revolves around the Thundermans, a family with superpowers who try to live normal lives in the fictional town of Hiddenville. Phoebe dreams of being a superhero and using her powers for good, while her twin brother Max wants to be the next big supervillain and use his powers for evil. Parents Hank and Barb attempt to live normal lives and not use their superpowers - albeit not very successfully - while Nora and Billy enjoy using theirs whenever possible. A former supervillain named Dr. Colosso has been transmogrified into a rabbit and lives in Max's lair in the basement, offering him advice on becoming a villain. During season three, Chloe is introduced as the baby sister. At the end of the same season, Max has a change of heart deciding to become a hero instead of a villain after Phoebe and Dr. Colosso save him from Villain League members King Crab, Lady Web, and Scalestro. During season four, Max and Phoebe under their Thunder Twins team-up have been selected as candidates for membership to the elite Hero League team called the Z-Force. Halfway through the same season, Phoebe accidentally absorbed Dark Mayhem's drained powers from the third season finale. Due to those powers being unstable and pure evil, Phoebe turned evil as a result. Cast and characters [ edit]Main article: List of The Thundermans characters Kira Kosarin as Phoebe Thunderman Jack Griffo as Max Thunderman Addison Riecke as Nora Thunderman Diego Velazquez as Billy Thunderman Chris Tallman as Hank Thunderman Rosa Blasi as Barb Thunderman Maya Le Clark as Chloe Thunderman (recurring, season 3; main, season 4)Production [ edit]On August 3, 2012, Nickelodeon announced The Thundermans as one of its upcoming live-action series. [1] Shooting began in mid-February and extras were cast at that time and throughout the production at Paramount Studios in Los Angeles. [2] Its pilot was shot in October 2012. [3] [4] On December 20, 2013, the series was renewed for a second season. [5] The second season premiered on September 13, 2014. On March 4, 2015, the series was renewed for a third season. [6] The third season premiered on June 27, 2015. On March 2, 2016, the series was renewed for a fourth season, [7] which premiered on October 22, 2016. Nickelodeon ordered six additional episodes for the series' fourth season on May 16, 2017, which will take the series over 100 total episodes. [8] On July 27, 2017, Nickelodeon released a statement to J-14, stating that the series has wrapped production after 4 seasons and 103 episodes. [9] [10]Episodes [ edit]Main article: List of The Thundermans episodes Season Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired1 20 October 14, 2013 June 14, 20142 24 September 13, 2014 March 28, 20153 25 June 27, 2015 October 10, 20164 TBA October 22, 2016 TBARatings [ edit]Season Episodes First aired Last aired Avg. viewers (millions)Date Viewers 
Path Goal Theory of Leadership The Path-Goal approach to leadership is one that is based on enhancing a employees performance and satisfaction by focusing on their motivation. Peter Northouse in Leadership: Theory and Practice describes Path Goal approached leaders as: Leaders that are involved in a Path Goal form of leadership tend to exert the following types of behavior.
- Delta Airlines Oversize/Overweight Baggage Fees 2015 ↑ Back to Top Excess/Oversize/Overweight Summary Additional bags will be charged flat rates depending on your specific route, with rates ranging from $125/bag up to $285/bag.Delta has some of the harshest extra bag fees in the industry, so be sure to carefully read and understand the limits for your flight.elta Airlines Carry-On Allowance 2015 ↑ Back to Top Carry-On Summary Delta allows one bag as carry-on bag, and one personal item, free of charge. The maximum dimensions for the carry-on bag are 22 x 14 x 9 inches (56x46x23cm).
What vitamins are stored in body? Answer: Vitamins stored in the body are fat-soluble; they are vitamins A, D, E, K. Vitamins that are not stored in the body are water-soluble: Folate, Biotin, Pantothenic acid, Thiamin (B1), Riboflavin(B2), Niacin (B3), Pyridoxine(B6), B12* and C. *B12 is the only water-soluble vitamin that can be stored in the body, primarily in the liver.
Could you expand on what you mean by 'weird captions' or give an example of one?
Airbag From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about a car safety device. For other uses, see Airbag (disambiguation). The driver and passenger front airbag modules, after having been deployed, in a Peugeot 306An airbag is a type of vehicle safety device and is an occupant restraint system. The airbag module is designed to inflate extremely rapidly then quickly deflate during a collision or impact with a surface or a rapid sudden deceleration. It consists of the airbag cushion, a flexible fabric bag, inflation module and impact sensor. The purpose of the airbag is to provide the occupants a soft cushioning and restraint during a crash event to prevent or reduce any impact or impact-caused injuries between the flailing occupant and the interior of the vehicle. The airbag provides an energy absorbing surface between the vehicle's occupants and a steering wheel, instrument panel, as well as A-B-C- body pillars, headliner, and windshield/windscreen. Contents [ hide ]1 Description2 Terminology3 History3.1 Origins3.2 As a substitute to seat belts3.3 As a supplemental restraint system (SRS)3.4 On motorcycles4 Operation4.1 Triggering conditions5 Regulatory specifications5.1 United States5.2 Outside the United States6 Maintenance7 Limitations8 Injuries and fatalities8.1 Airbag fatality statistics9 Aerospace and military applications9.1 Spacecraft airbag landing systems9.2 Aircraft airbag landing systems9.3 Occupant protection10 See also11 References12 External links Description [ edit]Modern vehicles may contain multiple airbag modules in various configurations including: Driver airbag module Passenger airbag module Side curtain airbag module Seat-mounted side impact airbag module Knee bolster airbag module Inflatable seat-belt modules Front Right Side Airbag Sensor Front Left Side Airbag Sensor Pedestrian airbag module During a crash event, the vehicle's crash sensor (s) provide crucial information to the airbag electronic controller unit (ECU), including collision type, angle and severity of impact. Using this information, the airbag electronic controller unit's crash algorithm determines if the crash event meets the criteria for deployment and triggers various firing circuits to deploy one or more airbag modules within the vehicle. Working as a supplemental restraint system to the vehicle's seat-belt systems, airbag module deployments are triggered through a pyrotechnic process that is designed to be used once. Newer side-impact airbag modules consist of compressed air cylinders that are triggered in the event of a side on vehicle impact. [1]The first commercial designs were introduced in passenger automobiles during the 1970s with limited success. Broad commercial adoption of airbags occurred in many markets during the late 1980s and early 1990s with a driver airbag, and a front passenger airbag as well on some cars; and many modern vehicles now include six or more units. [2] [ citation needed]Terminology [ edit]Over time, various manufacturers have used different terms for airbags. In the 1970s, General Motors marketed its first airbag modules under the unwieldy name "Air Cushion Restraint System (ACRS)". Common terms in North America refer to a nominal role as a supplement to "active" restraints, i.e. seat belts. Because no action by a vehicle occupant is required to activate or use the airbag, it is considered a "passive" device. This is in contrast to seat belts, which are considered "active" devices because the vehicle occupant must act to enable them. [3] [4] [5] [6] [7]This terminology is not related to active and passive safety, which are, respectively, systems designed to prevent accidents in the first place, and systems designed to minimize the effects of accidents once they occur. In this usage, a car Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) will qualify as an active-safety device, while both its seatbelts and airbags will qualify as passive-safety devices. Further terminological confusion can arise from the fact that passive devices and systems—those requiring no input or action by the vehicle
The phrase "tampon tax" doesn't refer to any extra tax, but tampons and other sanitary items are subject to tax in most places. Things like foods, food stamp purchases, and medications are tax exempt in most places. The argument is that sanitary items are essential, and everyone with a period needs them, so they shouldn't be taxed. I'm not brilliant at wording (I'm also Australian so idk how american taxes work) but [this article](_URL_0_) explains it well.
Pronation/Supination The supinator muscle of the forearm and the biceps brachii of the upper arm supinate the forearm by pulling on the radius. These muscles rotate the radius in the opposite direction of the pronator muscles, moving the distal end of the radius back to its position on the lateral side of the wrist.
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
List of vodkas From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This is a list of brands of vodka. Vodka is a distilled beverage composed primarily of water and ethanol, sometimes with traces of impurities and flavorings. Vodka is made by the distillation of fermented substances such as grains, potatoes, or sometimes fruits or sugar. Brand Image Country Base Bombora Australia Grape Cooranbong Australia Grape Downunder Australia Molasses of Australian sugar cane DOT AU Australia Australian sugar cane Vodka O Australia Whey Monopolowa Austria (originally Polish)Potato Xan Azerbaijan Grain Belaya Rus Belarus Wheat and rye Kryshtal Etalon Belarus Wheat and rye Minsk Kristall Belarus Grain Platinka Belarus Rye Crystal Head Canada Peaches and Cream corn Iceberg Canada Peaches and cream corn Polar Ice Canada Wheat Pearl Canada Schramm Organic Canada Potato Royal Dragon China Winter rye Danzka Denmark Wheat Frïs Denmark Wheat Blue Diamond Estonia Rye Kihnu Mark Estonia Viru Valge Estonia Grain Finlandia Finland Barley Koskenkorva Finland Barley Kors Vodka Finland Grain Ström Finland Grain and potatoes Cîroc France Grapes Dragon Bleu France Wheat, barley, rye Grey Goose France Wheat Jean-Marc XO France Wheat Mariette France Wheat Eristoff Georgia Grain ("Pure Grain")Kleiner Feigling Germany Fig Magic Spirits Germany Grain Rachmaninoff Germany Wodka Gorbatschow Germany Zaranoff Germany Reyka Iceland Grain Romanov India Grain White Mischief India Aviv 613 Israel Grain and fruit L'Chaim Israel Corn Keglevich Italy Grain VKA Vodka Italy Organic wheat and spelt [1]Kissui Japan Rice Clique Latvia Latvijas Balzams Latvia Stumbras Lithuania Lithuania Lithuania Oso Negro Mexico Potato Villa Lobos Mexico Chinggis Mongolia Soyombo Mongolia Wheat Bols Netherlands Rye Bong Spirit Netherlands Wheat Hooghoudt Netherlands Ketel One Netherlands Wheat P.i.n.k Vodka Netherlands Wheat Ursus Netherlands Van Gogh Netherlands Wheat, corn and barley Vox Netherlands Wheat42 Below New Zealand GE-free wheat Vikingfjord Norway Potato Murree Pakistan Absolwent Poland Grain Belvedere Poland Rye Biała Dama Poland Rye Chopin Poland Potato, Rye or Wheat [2]Ck Vodka Poland Grain Cracovia Poland Potato Krupnik Poland Grain and honey Luksusowa Poland PotatoŁańcut Poland Grain Polonaise Poland Grain Siwucha Poland Grain Sobieski Poland Rye Soplica Poland Grain, with fruit and nuts in nalewka variants Starka Poland Rye Ultimat Poland Potato, wheat and rye Wisent Poland Rye Wyborowa Poland RyeŻołądkowa Gorzka Poland 27 herbs and fruitsŻubrówka Poland Rye Gold Symphony (Золотая симфония) Russia Hrenovuha (Хреновуха) Russia Horseradish Kauffman (Кауфман) Russia Wheat Kubanskaya (Кубанская) Russia Moskovskaya (Московская) Russia Rye Narodnaya (Народная) Russia Putinka (Путинка) Russia Pyatizvyozdnaya (Пятизвёздная) Russia Rodnik (Родник) Russia Ruskova (Рускова) Russia Russian Standard (Русский стандарт) Russia Winter grains Shustov (Шустов) Russia Wheat Starka (Старка) Russia Stolichnaya (Столичная) Latvia and Russia Wheat and rye Stolnaya (Стольная) Russia Wheat Youri Dolgoruki (Юрий Долгорукий) Russia Wheat Double Cross Slovakia Wheat V44 Slovakia Wheat Han South Korea Barley and rice Absolut Sweden Wheat Cape North Sweden Grain Explorer Sweden Wheat Karlsson's Sweden Potato Level Sweden Wheat Pinky Vodka Sweden Purity Vodka Sweden Wheat, barley Renat Sweden Wheat Svedka Sweden Winter wheat Trojka Switzerland Grain Xellent Swiss Switzerland Rye Khlibnyi Dar (Хлібний Дар) Ukraine Cereal grains Khortytsa (Хортиця)Ukraine Wheat Nemiroff (Неміроф) Ukraine Wheat Soyuz-Viktan (Союз-Віктан, СВ, SV) Ukraine Wheat Adnams United Kingdom Barley, wheat and oats Black Cow United Kingdom Milk Blavod United Kingdom Grain Brexitovka United Kingdom Chase United Kingdom Potato Glen's United Kingdom Sugar beet Isensua United Kingdom Grain Smirnoff United Kingdom (originally Russian)Grain Three Olives United Kingdom Grain Vladivar United Kingdom Grain3 A. M. Vodka United States Soy Anestasia Vodka United States Sweet corn Bowman's United States Grain Blue Ice United States Potato B
Top Veterinarian Dog Food Recommendations High Protein, Nutrient-Rich Dog Food. The other top veterinarian recommendation is a dog food made up of 40% protein, 50% vegetables and 10% carbohydrates (40/50/10). A diet lacking in adequate amounts of protein can alter immune function, and it can cause poor food intake and retardation of normal growth.
What is the importance of chemical elements to living organisms? Living organisms are made of chemical elements, and so are the things they consume in order to remain alive. So I would say they are very important. Unfortunately, many people today buy into the deception that healthy foods are chemical free. Nothing could be further from the truth, quite literally.
The Life Changing Power of D-RIBOSE The Life Changing Power of D-RIBOSEWard Bond, Ph DShare This For us to stay healthy and active our bodies need energy…lots of energy. The energy produced by each of the trillions of cells in our bodies keeps our hearts beating, our muscles contracting, our brains functioning to send signals to the far reaches of our bodies, and our nerves carrying those signals to each of our organs to sustain life. Each day, our bodies produce and consume extraordinary amounts of energy. Let’s take the heart for example. At any given moment an average heart contains less than one gram of stored energy, about 0.7-grams to be exact. But every day our hearts consume almost 6,000-grams of energy in performing its ceaseless work of pumping blood and delivering life-giving oxygen to tissues throughout our bodies. Think about the magnitude of this feat! Six-thousand grams is more than 10 times the average weight of a heart and almost 10,000 times the amount of energy that is normally found in the heart at any one time. Ask yourself, “Where does this energy come from?” and “How can the heart produce such an extraordinary volume of energy?”In large part, the answers to these questions are found with D-ribose, as you will see. ATP —The Currency of Life The energy that fuels our bodies is held in a small molecule with a large name. Adenosine triphosphate, or simply ATP, is the compound found in every cell in our bodies that gives us energy. In fact, virtually all the energy used by our bodies comes from ATP. Because of its universal importance in the body, ATP is commonly referred to as the “energy currency” of the cell. In each cell, ATP is made, consumed, and re-processed in a cycle that keeps a continual supply of energy flowing. And our bodies have developed very elaborate metabolic processes to make sure we don’t run out. These processes efficiently recycle energy as it is used, making fresh energy constantly available to sustain life. As chemical compounds in the body go, ATP is simple. It is made of three basic parts. The first is D-ribose, commonly called Ribose. Ribose provides the structural foundation upon which ATP is built and starts the process of ATP synthesis in the body. Without ribose ATP could not be formed and our cells would be energy deprived. Attached to Ribose is a compound called adenine. Combined, ribose plus adenine form adenosine, as in adenosine triphosphate. The adenine portion of ATP is not simply added to the Ribose molecule in the cell. Instead, the cell makes adenine by building it, adding one element at a time to Ribose. When this process is completed, adenosine is the result and we have now formed the basis for ATP. To this basic structure we add three phosphate molecules. The energy in the ATP molecule is found in the chemical bonds that hold these phosphate molecules together. When the chemical bond holding the last phosphate molecules in place breaks, it releases chemical energy that is transformed in the cell to mechanical energy to do work. But that is not the end of the story. Our bodies need to use the basic structure of ATP over and over again to keep the energy supply flowing. To do this, our cells recycle the spent ATP molecule by re-attaching a fresh phosphate group to replace the energy that was used. The cycle works like this. ATP is consumed, leaving a free phosphate group and adenosine diphosphate, or ADP. Remember, adenosine triphosphate (ATP) has three phosphate groups and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) has two. The cell then takes a free phosphate group that is floating around in the cell and reattaches it to ADP, re-forming ATP and replacing the consumed energy. This process of energy consumption and supply must accelerate to accommodate increasing energy needs, such as in exercise. As long as we stay reasonably physically fit, and our cells get the oxygen they need to fuel metabolism, this cycle of energy utilization and supply can keep turning unimpeded. The problem comes when our cells are unable to get enough oxygen to keep the process flowing. Many conditi
In the direction of your travel, anyway. So traveling towards the galactic center at close to the speed of light would make it possible for you to get to that destination very quickly. [A World Out of Time](_URL_0_) by Larry Niven starts with a relativistic flight to the galactic center, continues with a gravitational slingshot around the central Black Hole, and gets really interesting from then on.
Insert copyright and trademark symbols Insert copyright and trademark symbols Applies To: Outlook 2016 Outlook 2013 Outlook 2010A variety of symbols can be added to an email message that you are composing.2016, 2013 2010On the Insert tab, click Symbol. Click a symbol in the immediate list, or click More Symbols, and then click the symbol you want. Copyright and trademark symbols can also be added by using a keyboard shortcut. For example: To insert the copyright symbol, press Ctrl+Alt+C. To insert the trademark symbol, press Ctrl+Alt+T. To insert the registered trademark symbol, press Ctrl+Alt+R. There’s even a faster way to enter copyright and trademark symbols. By using the default Auto Correct feature, type C, T, or R enclosed in parentheses such as (c). The text automatically changes to the respective symbol. Note: Auto Correct for symbols only works for HTML (the default) and Rich Text format message. If you are using a plain text format message, you can still use the keyboard shortcuts previously listed. 
pandas: apply a function to the many columns of a large DataFrame to return multiple rows
Double Up (R. Kelly album) Double Up is the eighth studio album by American R&B singer and songwriter R. Kelly. It was released on May 29, 2007, by Jive Records, distributed by Zomba Label Group. The album features the contributions with guest appearances and also the productions, which was handled by R. Kelly, alongside with Swizz Beatz, The Runners, Snoop Dogg, Khao, Nelly, Chamillionaire and Polow da Don.
Binary Binary Updated: 10/02/2017 by Computer Hope Binary may refer to any of the following:1. Binary is a base 2 number system invented by Gottfried Leibniz that is made up of only two numbers: 0 and 1. This number system is the basis for all binary code, which is used to write data such as the instructions that computer processors use, or the digital text you read every day. How does it work? The 0s and 1s in binary are used to represent OFF or ON respectively, that is, the turn off or turn on an electrical signal or base2 exponent. We know you may be a bit confused, but this concept is further explained in our section on how to read binary numbers. Why do computers use binary? Binary is still the primary language for computers for the following reasons. It is a simple and elegant design. Binary's 0 and 1 method is quick to detect an electrical signal's off or on state. The positive and negative poles of magnetic media are quickly translated into binary. Binary is the most efficient way to control logic circuits. How to read binary numbers The following chart illustrates the binary number 01101000. Each column represents the number two raised to an exponent, with that exponent's value increasing by one as you move through each of the eight positions. In this example, we get the total value by reading the chart from right to left and adding each column's value to that of the previous column: (8+32+64) = 104. As you can see, we do not count the bits with a 0 because they're "turned off. "Exponent:2 72 62 52 42 32 22 12 0Value:128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1ON/OFF:0 1 1 0 1 0 0 0The next example is 11111111 in binary, the maximum 8-bit value of 255. Again, reading right to left we have 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + 16 + 32 + 64 + 128 = 255. Value:128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1ON/OFF:1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1Note: Counting on a computer normally starts with 0 instead of 1. Therefore, counting all the bits does equal 255, but if you start at 0, it is really 256. Tip: If you took the binary code from the first example (which totaled 104) and put it into ASCII, it would produce a lowercase h. To spell the word hi, you would need to add the binary for the letter i, which is 01101001. Putting these two codes together, we have 0110100001101001 or 104 and 105, which represents hi. Binary humor In this image is an example of some binary humor via a famous saying on many geek t-shirts. Those who can read binary realize this quote actually says "There are only two types of people in the world: Those who understand binary and those who don't." In the binary system, '10' is actually two, not the number ten. Convert text into binary The following tool converts any text into binary. Related pages How does a computer convert text into binary or 0's and 1's? Additional information and examples of Binary and hexadecimal conversions.2. While in an FTP session, binary is a command that switches the file transfer mode to binary. See how to use FTP for information about binary and other FTP commands.. BIN, Base, BCD, Binary file, Bit, Decimal, Hexadecimal, Least significant bit, Machine language, Most significant bit, Native language, Negation, Nibble, Octal, OFF, ON, Qubit, Software terms, Two's complement 
The Internet is just a bunch of servers and networks that are connected to each other, think of old school telephone operators, you pick up the phone, tell them who you want to talk to, and they connect you to them. This is basically what happens when you are connecting to a website.   The speeds aren't the same for everyone because of money. The people that give you Internet access charge you based on how fast you want to connect.
Administratively, Portugal is divided into 308 municipalities (Portuguese: municípios or concelhos), which after a reform in 2013 are subdivided into 3,092 civil parishes (Portuguese: freguesia). Operationally, the municipality and civil parish, along with the national government, are the only legally identifiable local administrative units identified by the government of Portugal (for example, cities, towns or villages have no standing in law, although may be used as catchment for the defining services). For statistical purposes the Portuguese government also identifies NUTS, inter-municipal communities and informally, the district system, used until European integration (and being phased-out by the national government).[original research?] Continental Portugal is agglomerated into 18 districts, while the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira are governed as autonomous regions; the largest units, established since 1976, are either mainland Portugal (Portuguese: Portugal Continental) and the autonomous regions of Portugal (Azores and Madeira).
Can a President be impeached for gross incompetence? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories History, Politics & Society History History of the United States US Presidents Can a President be impeached for gross incompetence? Flag Can a President be impeached for gross incompetence? Answer by Trims Confidence votes 14.5KImpeachment is only for criminal behavior and even at that it has to be passed by both the House and Senate in a majority vote. Actually, the President (and any other Federal official), and be impeached for "high crimes and misdemeanors". Sadly, nowhere in Constitution or associated writings of the Founders does there exist a solid definition as to what that phrase means. We just don't know. As such, Congress gets to make up its mind as to what is an impeachable offense. In the case of Presidents, the three existing serious attempts to impeach a sitting President (Andrew Johnson, Andrew Jackson, and Bill Clinton), all three were really politically motivated, with little that could be considered a legal crime behind them. In the case of Impeachment of various Judges, however, Congress has a much better track record - all impeachments to date of sitting judges have come as a result of either a criminal conviction, or an impending criminal conviction of a serious crime (several for bribery, several for judicial malfeasance, and the like). So, yes, it is entirely possible for a President to be impeached for gross incompetence. Getting the Senate to agree that this is an offense worthy of removal of the President is a more difficult proposition, however. (Remember that impeachment merely accuses the President, while the Senate conducts a trial to see whether or not the "crimes" named in the impeachment warrant removal from office. )80 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No J. P. Helm 124,843 Contributions Retired professor of math and computer science having taught for 36 years at a state supported university in Virginia Who can impeach the president? The House of Representatives has the sole power to impeach. Impeachment is the equivalent of an indictment. If the House votes with a simple majority to impeach a president, …Impeachment of president? It means a trial of wrongdoings by the president. The senate and house vote to get president out of office before his term is up. Joe Ragusa 304,324 Contributions Who is the President impeached by? The basic impeachment process is spelled out in the Constitution. In essence, the House of Representatives functions something like a grand jury, in that it weighs the evidenc …What can a president be impeached for?crimes or doing something unconstitutional. Crtclev 5,942 Contributions How can you impeach the president? First the House of Representatives must come up with articles of impeachment, or written reason to impeach. Then they must get a majority vote on at least one of the articles. …Doc Thermo 26,675 Contributions Truth is knowledge of things as they really are, as they really were and as they really will be. Which president was not impeached? Only two of 43 president were impeached: Andrew Johnson and William Jefferson Clinton. Richard Nixon resigned while impeachment charges were beingprepared against him. In both …Doc Thermo 26,675 Contributions Truth is knowledge of things as they really are, as they really were and as they really will be. Can impeach a president? Impeachment is where a governing body accuses a public official ofcommitting illegal acts. If the official is found guilty,punishment can include removal from office as well a …Why does a president get impeached? A president will get impeached if he does something unconstitutional. the congress will vote on it and if the majority wins he is impeached. Colin Peters 610,892 Contributions Be helpful Can the president be impeached? In many countries the title president is self bestowed, after a military coup for instance, and there is no legal recourse for impeachment. In the others there is a rule or la …Hinkey 7 Contributions What can get a president impeached? "Articles One
Individualized Education Program From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Not to be confused with Individualized instruction. [ hide]This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. ( Learn how and when to remove these template messages)This article may be unbalanced towards certain viewpoints. (June 2014)This article needs additional citations for verification. (June 2014)The examples and perspective in this article may not represent a worldwide view of the subject. (April 2015)Disability Theory and models [show]Education [show]Therapy [show]Societal implications [show]Personal assistance [show]Socioeconomic assistance [show]Groups Organizations [show]Disabled sports [show]Culture [show]Disability portal Disability Listsv t e The Individualized Education Program, also called the IEP, is a document that is developed for each public school child who needs special education. The IEP is created through a team effort, reviewed periodically. [1] In the United States, this program is known as an Individualized Education Program (IEP), and similarly in Canada it is referred to as an Individualized Education Plan or a Special Education Plan (SEP). In the United Kingdom, an equivalent document is called an Individual Education System. In Saudi Arabia, the document is known as an Individual Education Program. [2]An IEP defines the individualized objectives of a child who has been determined to have a disability or requires specialized accommodation, as defined by federal regulations. The IEP is intended to help children reach educational goals more easily than they otherwise would. [3] In all cases the IEP must be tailored to the individual student's needs as identified by the IEP evaluation process, and must especially help teachers and related service providers (such as paraprofessional educators) understand the student's disability and how the disability affects the learning process. The IEP describes how the student learns, how the student best demonstrates that learning and what teachers and service providers will do to help the student learn more effectively. Developing an IEP requires evaluating students in all areas related to the suspected disabilities, simultaneously considering ability to access the general curriculum, considering how the disability affects the student’s learning, forming goals and objectives that correspond to the needs of the student, and choosing a placement in the least restrictive environment possible for the student. [4]As long as a student qualifies for special education, the IEP is mandated to be regularly maintained and updated up to the point of high school graduation, or prior to the 21st birthday or 22nd birthday. If a student in special education attends university upon graduation, the university's own system and procedures take over. Placements often occur in "general education," mainstream classes, and specialized classes or sub-specialties taught by a special education teacher, sometimes within a resource room. An IEP is meant to ensure that students receive an appropriate placement, not only in special education classrooms or special schools. It is meant to give the student a chance to participate in regular school culture and academics as much as is possible for that individual student. In this way, the student is able to have specialized assistance only when such assistance is absolutely necessary, and otherwise maintains the freedom to interact with and participate in the activities of his or her more general school peers. Contents [ hide ]1 Definition of individualized2 Saudi Arabia3 United States4 Canada5 Procedural requirements for development5.1 Determination of eligibility for special education5.2 Members of the IEP team5.3 Role of the parents5.4 Developing the student's education plan6 Determining the appropriate placement7 Implementation7.1 Annual review7.2 Acceptance and amendments8 Procedural safeguards9 Services that may be provided to a child with a disability9.1 Specially designed instruction9.2 Related servi
GMO's 34 terms elizabethaguilar24GMO's Learn Flashcards Write Spell Test Match Gravity Advertisement Upgrade to remove ads Sort What is a GMO ? Genetically modified (GM) foods are foods derived from organisms whose genetic material (DNA) has been modified in a way that does not occur naturally, e.g. through the introduction of a gene from a different organism. Currently available GM foods stem mostly from plants, but in the future, foods derived from GM microorganisms or GM animals are likely to be introduced on the market ( WHO, 2014). Genetic Engineering Genetic Engineering is the deliberate , controlled manipulation of the genes in an organism through the use of biotechnological procedures. What are the benefits of genetic engineering ? -Enhance quality and taste -Increase nutrients -Improve resistance to pest and disease -Conservation of natural resources (less water and energy to process). Popular Genentically modified crops and percentages Soy beans 81% cotton 81% Maize 35% Canola 30%What are some popular traits that are being engineered ? -Herbicide tolerance -insect resistance -"Stacked traits" (combination of both)Top 10 GM foods ? corn soy cottonseed papaya Rice Canola Potatoes Tomatoes Dairy products peas Is organic always GMO free? -In 2008, the USDA was putting 15 out of 30 federally accredited organic certifiers they audited on probation, allowing them 12 months to make correction or lose their accreditation. -At the heart of the audit for several certifiers were imported foods and ingredients from other countries including China. -Certified organic ginger was found to be contaminated with levels of a pesticide called "aldicarb" - Sold under the "365" label at Whole Foods Market. -Inadequate funding for enforcement, including for organic imports from countries like China, guarantees it will be easy for unscrupulous farmers to cheat. History of GMO 1980 The U. S. Supreme Court in Diamond v. Chakrabarty rules that genetically altered life forms can be patented. The decision allows the Exxon Oil Company to patent an oil-eating microorganism. 1982 The U. S. Food and Drug Administration approves the first genetically engineered drug, Genentech's Humulin, a form of human insulin produced by bacteria. This is the first consumer product developed through modern bioengineering. 1986 The first field tests of genetically engineered plants (tobacco) are conducted in Belgium. 1987 The first field tests of genetically engineered crops (tobacco and tomato) are conducted in the United States. 1992 •The FDA declares that genetically engineered foods are "not inherently dangerous" and do not require special regulation. •Calgene's Flavr Savr tomato, is approved for commercial production by the US Department of Agriculture. 1994 •The European Union's first genetically engineered crop, tobacco, is approved and labeled in France. 1996 •A total of 35 approvals had been granted to commercially grow transgenic crops. 2000's As of 2004, genetically modified crops were being grown by 8.25 million farmers in 17 countries (James, 2004). Soybeans , maize , cotton , and canola are 4 genetically modified crops that dominate biotech agriculture. Country with GMO food Labeling Law Europe How are GMO's made A gene from another organism is inserted into the crop of interest Refer back to Slide 15What are GMO's Used for? Crops and plants -Blue rose -Algea / Duckweed Biopharmaceuticals -resistance to herbicides and pest -increase nutritional value Mammals -research for human diseases -Pets ( glow in the dark cats) (hypoallergernic) Enhanced food quality ( enviropig) -Improve animal health Fish -Glofish ( zebra fish ) -glow depending on the environmental pollutant Aqua Advantage salmon -fish matures in half the time and grows twice as much Health Effects of GMO's According to the World Health organization GM foods currently available on the international market have passed risk assessments and are not likely to present risks for human health. In addition, no effects on human health have been shown as a result of the consumption of such foods by 
Foster care The estimated 427,910 children in foster care on September 30, 2015, had the following case plan goals:  55 percent had a goal of reunification with parent(s) or principal caretaker(s).  25 percent had a goal of adoption.
What Is the Definition of Limited Government? What is the definition of limited government? A: A limited government is defined as a government that is set up to have limited power over its citizens. A limited government has hard restrictions set on its powers and abilities. These limits have powerful effects on both personal and economic freedom. Continue Reading.
âGame Shakers,â a New Nickelodeon Show, Features Two Up-and-Coming Stars Game Shakers also stars Madisyn Shipman as Kenzie Bell, a girl who loves to code and has incredible tech knowledge. Madisyn started acting when she was very young. She has had several small TV roles and voiced the role of Violet in The Peanuts Movie. She is from Kings Mountain, North Carolina.
Ocular dominance Dominant eye in vision. Ocular dominance, sometimes called eye dominance or eyedness, is the tendency to prefer visual input from one eye to the other. It is somewhat analogous to the laterality of right or left handedness, however the side of the dominant eye and the dominant hand do not always match. In normal binocular vision there is an effect of parallax, and therefore the dominant eye is the one that is primarily relied on for precise positional information. This may be especially important in sports which require aim, such as archery, darts or shooting sports.
Would lackluster grades in Applied math hurt an application for Pure Math PhD programs? The question is pretty much the title. To start off, I'm not really worried about my record in pure mathematics classes/research. However, solely for the purpose of having a career backup I've also picked up a second major in applied math and several CS courses. I generally have little passion for these classes and ended up with a fair share of B's. My overall GPA is still fairly high but I was wondering if these grades would hurt my application to pure math programs and if I should address this in my personal statement.
This comment is not toxic.
Classical order Classical order An order in architecture is a certain assemblage of parts subject to uniform established proportions, regulated by the office that each part has to perform. Coming down to the present from Ancient Greek and Ancient Roman civilization, the architectural orders are the styles of classical architecture, each distinguished by its proportions and characteristic profiles and details, and most readily recognizable by the type of column employed. The three orders of architecture—the Doric, Ionic, and Corinthian—originated in Greece. To these the Romans added, in practice if not in name, the Tuscan, which they made simpler than Doric, and the
Storing a Cake 1 When freezing a cake, be sure that it is completely cooled before wrapping. 2  Wrap the cake tightly in plastic wrap and then wrap it again in foil before placing it in the freezer. 3  If you do not have time to freeze the cake overnight, freezing it for 2 or 3 hours will help when it comes time to decorate it. Place the frosted cake on a solid flat surface that can be used to hold the cake when placed in the freezer, such as a cookie sheet, cake board, or cutting board. 2  Place the unwrapped cake in the freezer. 3  Freeze unwrapped until the frosting and decorations are frozen hard.
Not every aspect of our being constitutes an evolutionary advantage. I can scratch the skin off my face, but it's not going to help me survive. Animals and humans don't go around trying to break their bodies, so there is no selection pressure to restrict the movement and strength of our limbs. In other words, not enough of a species is hindered by this ability, so there is no reason it wouldn't be successfully passed on. It may be that there is no way to have the muscles and flexibility we have without also having the ability to overexert.
Attitudes and Behavior The ego-defensive function refers to holding attitudes that protect our self-esteem or that justify actions that make us feel guilty. For example, one way children might defend themselves against the feelings of humiliation they have experienced in P.E. lessons is to adopt a strongly negative attitude to all sport. The ego-defensive function refers to holding attitudes that protect our self-esteem or that justify actions that make us feel guilty.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Anna Chancellor daughter whilst still studying at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. She separated from Scot a few years later. She got her first acting role on television playing Mercedes Page in "Jupiter Moon", a BSkyB soap, then came a commercial for Boddingtons beer and a part in the film "Four Weddings and a Funeral" (1994), playing "Duckface" opposite Hugh Grant. Chancellor is a niece of the journalist Alexander Chancellor, a great-granddaughter of Raymond Asquith (son of the Liberal Prime Minister H. H. Asquith), a first cousin of the model Cecilia Chancellor and a second cousin of the actress
In Europe, and other regions using the ISO 216 paper sizing system, the weight is expressed in grammes per square metre (g/m2 or usually just g) of the paper. Printing paper is generally between 60 g and 120 g. Anything heavier than 160 g is considered card. The weight of a ream therefore depends on the dimensions of the paper and its thickness.
Syd Barrett Roger Keith `` Syd '' Barrett ( 6 January 1946 -- 7 July 2006 ) was a British musician , composer , singer-songwriter , and painter . Best known as a founder member of the band Pink Floyd , Barrett was the lead singer , guitarist and principal songwriter in its early years and is credited with naming the band . Barrett was excluded from Pink Floyd in April 1968 after David Gilmour took over as their new guitarist , and was briefly hospitalised amid speculation of mental illness .   Barrett was musically active for less than ten years . With Pink Floyd , he recorded four singles , their debut album ( and contributed to the second one ) , and several unreleased songs . Barrett began his solo career in 1969 with the single `` Octopus '' from his first solo album , The Madcap Laughs ( 1970 ) . The album was recorded over the course of a year with five different producers ( Peter Jenner , Malcolm Jones , David Gilmour , Roger Waters and Barrett himself ) . Nearly two months after Madcap was released , Barrett began working on his second and final album , Barrett ( 1970 ) , produced by Gilmour and featuring contributions from Richard Wright . Two years later , he left the music industry , retired from public life and strictly guarded his own privacy until his death in 2006 . In 1988 , an album of unreleased tracks and outtakes , Opel , was released by EMI with Barrett 's approval .   Barrett 's innovative guitar work and exploration of experimental techniques such as dissonance , distortion and feedback influenced many musicians . His recordings are also noted for their strongly English-accented vocal delivery . After leaving music , Barrett continued with painting and dedicated himself to gardening . Pink Floyd wrote and recorded several tributes to him , most notably the 1975 album Wish You Were Here , which included `` Shine On You Crazy Diamond '' , as homage to Barrett .
A literary technique or literary device can be used by authors in order to enhance the written framework of a piece of literature, and produce specific effects. Literary techniques encompass a wide range of approaches to crafting a work: whether a work is narrated in first-person or from another perspective, whether to use a traditional linear narrative or a nonlinear narrative, or the choice of literary genre, are all examples of literary technique. They may indicate to a reader that there is a familiar structure and presentation to a work, such as a conventional murder-mystery novel; or, the author may choose to experiment with their technique to surprise the reader.
Australia women's cricketers get major pay boost Australia news May 21, 2013Australia women's cricketers get major pay boost Brydon Coverdale Facebook Twitter Australia's women's cricketers now have even more reason to celebrate © ICC/Getty Members of the Australia women's cricket team will be among the country's highest-paid female athletes as part of a restructure of the Cricket Australia contract system. The leading players could earn up to $80,000 over the next year as part of the new payment programme, with the top player retainer having increased from $15,000 to $52,000 and the minimum retainer having been boosted from $5000 to $25,000. There has also been a substantial increase in the player tour payments from $100 a day to $250 a day, which could add up significantly over the next year, when the national team will be touring for 85 days. Cricket Australia's chief executive James Sutherland said the move was "a landmark step" for women's cricket and a fine recognition of the success of the Australians, who currently hold both the World Cup and World Twenty20 titles. "We are still working towards the day when Australia's female cricketers will be able to earn a full-time, professional living from cricket," Sutherland said. "But the performances of our female stars justify this step and the day will come when future, full-time professional female cricketers will look back and thank those who went before them. "Sutherland said the success of the national team had contributed to a boost in female cricket participation, which has increased by 18% in the past year to 180,000 female participants across Australia. State players will also benefit from the cash injection, with Cricket Australia to provide each state and the ACT with $100,000 a year to help fund minimum standards for women's cricketers contracted to play in the national competitions. "This is a massive boost for women's cricket in Australia and I know all players thank CA and ACA [the Australian Cricketers' Association] for agreeing to this additional funding," current Australia player Alex Blackwell said. "Female players have never been better supported. With women's cricket growing both here and internationally, the opportunities for players are increasing. These extra dollars will help strike a balance between the sacrifices required to reach the top levels and the rewards that come with this. It's a great time to be playing and makes you look at the upcoming season with a huge level of excitement. "Lisa Sthalekar, who has recently retired from international cricket but remains a member of the ACA executive, said: "For such a long time, female cricketers have trained and played at the highest levels but took a financial hit to do so. From paying for a lot of their expenses to sacrificing earnings for time away from work, the cost has been significant to this point - and forced too many players to retire prematurely. These funds help show how far women's cricket has come in recent times and will provide a wonderful incentive to current and future players to follow their dreams within a more supportive financial environment. "The first group of national players who will benefit from the new payment system has also been named. Fourteen players will be contracted for the next year, down from 18 last season, with the intention to concentrate on a core group of players. Holly Ferling, 17, has been added to the squad after impressing on debut at the World Cup earlier this year, while other additions from last year's list include Ellyse Villani and Megan Schutt. Along with the newly-retired Sthalekar, the other players left out from the 2012-13 squad are Lauren Ebsary, Sarah Elliott, Sharon Millanta and Leah Poulton. Contract list for 2013-14 Alex Blackwell, Jess Cameron, Sarah Coyte, Holly Ferling, Jodie Fields, Rachael Haynes, Alyssa Healy, Julie Hunter, Jess Jonassen, Meg Lanning, Erin Osborne, Ellyse Perry, Megan Schutt, Elyse Villani. Brydon Coverdale is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo. He tweets here© ESPN Sports Media Ltd. Comments 
Why was a fee charged for my transfer?
Singapore Singapore ( -LSB- ˈsɪŋgəpɔr -RSB- ) , officially the Republic of Singapore , sometimes referred to as the Lion City , the Garden City or the Little Red Dot , is a sovereign city-state in Southeast Asia . It lies one degree ( 137 km ) north of the equator , at the southern tip of peninsular Malaysia , with Indonesia 's Riau Islands to the south . Singapore 's territory consists of one main island along with 62 other islets . Since independence , extensive land reclamation has increased its total size by 23 % ( 130 km2 ) , and its greening policy has covered the densely populated island with tropical flora , parks and gardens .   Stamford Raffles founded colonial Singapore in 1819 as a trading post of the East India Company ; after its collapse and the eventual establishment of the British Raj , the islands were ceded to Britain and became part of its Straits Settlements in 1826 . During the Second World War , Singapore was occupied by Japan . It gained independence from the UK in 1963 by federating with other former British territories to form Malaysia , but separated two years later over ideological differences , becoming a sovereign nation in 1965 . After early years of turbulence , and despite lacking natural resources and a hinterland , the nation developed rapidly as an Asian Tiger economy , based on external trade and its workforce .   Singapore is a global commerce , finance and transport hub . Its standings include : the most `` technology-ready '' nation ( WEF ) , top International-meetings city ( UIA ) , city with `` best investment potential '' ( BERI ) , second-most competitive country , third-largest foreign exchange market , third-largest financial centre , third-largest oil refining and trading centre , and the second-busiest container port . The country has also been identified as a tax haven .   Singapore ranks 5th on the UN Human Development Index and the 3rd highest GDP per capita . It is ranked highly in education , healthcare , life expectancy , quality of life , personal safety , and housing . Although income inequality is high , 90 % of homes are owner-occupied . 38 % of Singapore 's 5.6 million residents are permanent residents and other foreign nationals . There are four official languages : English ( common and first language ) , Malay , Mandarin , Tamil ; almost all Singaporeans are bilingual .   Singapore is a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic , with a Westminster system of unicameral parliamentary government . The People 's Action Party has won every election since self-government in 1959 . The dominance of the PAP , coupled with a low level of press freedom and restrictions on civil liberties and political rights , has led to Singapore being classified by some as a semi-authoritarian regime . One of the five founding members of the ASEAN , Singapore is also the host of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) Secretariat , and a member of the East Asia Summit , Non-Aligned Movement , and the Commonwealth of Nations .
Difference Between Judgment and Order 1.Judgments end the court case whereas an order does not. 2.The content of a court judgment usually follows a standard format that involves the conditions to be carried out and many others while a court order can have a simple small content as short as a mere date depending on the type of case.
Brandon Flynn Brandon Flynn Brandon Flynn (born October 11, 1993) is an American actor, best-known for his role as Justin Foley in the Netflix series "13 Reasons Why", as well as appearing as himself in the short film "Home Movies", and Mike the Intern in "BrainDead". Brandon Flynn was born in Miami, Florida, where he attended high school at New World School of the Arts. He graduated from the Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University in New Jersey in 2016, with a bachelor's degree in Fine Arts. Flynn's first role was when he was ten, playing Mr. Smee in
How does one method be called in another class main method in java?
Alcatel DAWN User Manual Setting Up Your Voice Mail. 1  You will need the Voice Mail access number you were given when you signed up for Voice Mail service. If you do not know your voice mail system access number, you can look it up online. 2  Follow the setup instructions found in the Voice Mail user guide.
Facts About Dry Eye Dry eye causes a scratchy sensation or the feeling that something is in the eye. Other symptoms include stinging or burning, episodes of excess tearing that follow periods of dryness, discharge, pain, and redness in the eye.
Quick Broiled Flank Steak with Quick Roasted Veggies Directions. Preheat oven broiler. Marinate flank steak in lime juice, salt and pepper. Do this right on the paper the steak comes wrapped in for easy clean up. Place on broiler pan and cook, turning once until medium rare, about 4 to 5 minutes per side.Remove to a cutting board to rest.reheat oven to 475 degrees F. Toss broccoli and cauliflower with olive salt and pepper, pour onto a cookie sheet in a single layer. Roast, turning once, until tender and cooked through, about 10 to 12 minutes. Slice flank steak into thin strips, serve 3 to 4 ounces per person with a side of the veggies.
- Cottage StoneTM is a mortarless and pinless. wall system. A rear lip located on the under. side of each Cottage Stone block ensures precise. alignment and setback, eliminating guesswork and. making installation easy. Simple... Weighing only 26-1/2 pounds, Cottage Stone. is as easy to handle, as it is to install. Its size. makes it perfect for any weekend project including. but not limited to terraced gardens, tree rings and low. retaining walls.
shut off pressure, minimum flow and related discussion shut off pressure, minimum flow and related discussionshut off pressure, minimum flow and related discussion On 6 January 2012 06:20, farid farid < bachik_syes@yahoo.com > wrote:i do have 3 questions1. can i know what is shut off pressure?from my understanding, shut off pressure is the the higest pressure that can be produced by a pump and this happened at zero flow i.e. control valve closed at discharge line. so when pump running during discharge valve closed, the pressure build up in the pipe line until a maximum pressure and this maximum pressure is shut off pressure. am i right?2. can pump running when discharge valve closed for a long period of time i.e 1 day? or is this will make the pump damage? from my knowledge, in the pipeline usually they have pressure transmitter which can detect high pressure in pipeline and will trip the pump once the pressure exceed the level. hope can correct me if i am wrong.3. in order to size a pump, we need to know the total head of the system which is discharge head - suction head. then we get the total head. then how we decide the right pump for that system? Thank you SLA for these great answers and especially for taking the time. I would however offer the following corrections in red. Jacques Can i know what is shut off pressure? "Shut off pressure" refers to the pressure, when the discharge valve is 'shut off'. Usually this is the maximum pressure the pump will develop. Standards for fire-fighting pump do not desire shut-off pressure (head) to be higher than 1.2 times of rated head. See NFPA 20 for more detailscan pump running when discharge valve closed for a long period of time i.e 1 day? Pump running with discharge valve closed even for 5 minutes will be risky !Normally lines of fire-fighting systems are expected to stay fully charged. But 'staying charged' does not mean that the line should be under pressure. It should be full. That is it. In this type of system the line must remain under pressure, because on big systems there are always small leaks, a jockey pump (small pump) is used to keep the system pressurized. Usually the non-return valve on the discharge pipe will ensure that water pumped by the pump when it is running will stay in the pipeline even after the pump is shut down. That helps the line to stay charged.how we decide the right pump for that system? Two main parameters for selecting a pump are required flow-rate and total head. Both are to be decided by the user according to the system. Total head has two parts (1) static head (2) friction head If pump has to discharge into a pressurized vessel, e.g. boiler drum, the pressure is to be converted into equivalent static head and to be added to the part (1) static head One needs to add velocity head if discharge pipe size is smaller than suction pipe size. But one can add 1 m for that, which is more than enough. Static head is usually clear from the plant layout. Friction head needs to be calculated from reference charts, tables, etc. For these types of systems, the Hazen-Williams friction formula must be used because the NFPA stipulates that it be used. One needs to consider "equivalent lengths" of various fittings and valves From: S. L. Abhyankar To: jchaurette@pumpfundamentals.com; jacqueschaurette@videotron.ca Cc: pumpfundamentals@yahoogroups.com Dear Mr. Jacques Chaurette, Both of us have passion to look into problems on pumping, right ? It is that passion, which has motivated you to start this group ! I appreciate that very much. On another group, there was a post of repetitive failure (breakage !) of the shaft of a jockey pump. I guess, just to maintain the line pressure to take care of leakage, the jockey pump would keep running, even if the flow being pumped is too small, the leakage being small. Jockey pump had a pressure-switch control set at 15.4 bar whereas main pump rating was 12 bar. These pressure-settings seem to be unduly high. Pressure-switch setting of 12.5 bar for the jockey pump should be good enough and at that pressure the jockey pump wo
Koi Varieties - Laguna Koi Ponds Koromo Koromo, meaning "robed" in Japanese, describes a group of koi whose quiet elegance finds favor with connoisseurs, even though this breed of koi did not become available until the early 1950s. Koromo are crossbred fish; the first example resulted from a spawning between a male Kohaku and a female Narumi Asagi. The collective name "Koromo" covers several varieties, the best known being Ai Goromo. Koi Breeders Izumiya Toshio Sakai More Koi Varieties Aka Matsuba Asagi Bekko Benigoi Chagoi Gin Matsuba Goshiki Hariwake Karasugoi Kigoi Kikusui Kin Ki Utsuri Kin Showa Kohaku Koromo Kujaku Kumonryu Ochiba Shigure Ogon Platinum Shiro Utsuri Showa Sanshoku Shusui Taisho Sanshoku Tancho Yamato Nishiki 
The ratings aren't there to judge the quality of an episode -- that's for critics and the public to decide. The purpose of the ratings is to determine how many people are watching it, and the demographics of those people, so that the networks can know how much to charge for advertising in subsequent episodes. The advertisers don't really care how "good" the show is -- they care how many eyeballs will see their advertising.
How do you and your lab use orcID? We have been asked by the powers that be to move away from Academia.edu and ResearchGate and adopt services like orcID.  

https://orcid.org 

The one big thing missing in orcID is that there’s nowhere to describe the lab or research team, all groups are on the faculty level only. 

Do any of you have some creative work-around?
ENGINEERING.com has updated it's forum. To post a question please visit the new Ask@ Forum .With a database of over 10000 questions the library will remain available for an extended period. Voltage multiplied by current. The difference is normally KVA has a power factor following it i.e., it is used in Ac measurements. KW = Kilo volt * Current. KVA = Kilovolt * Current * power factor. When power factor =1, then KVA = KW. The AC loads have characteristic called Power factor depending on the load whether it is inductive or capacitive. The power factor will be either lagging or leading which are opposite in polarity to each other in simple form.
Anton Karas Anton Karas Anton Karas (7 July 1906 – 10 January 1985) was a Viennese zither player and composer, best known for his internationally famous 1948 soundtrack to Carol Reed's "The Third Man", which came about as a result of a chance meeting. Born in Vienna, one of five children of a factory worker, Anton Karas was already keen on music as a child. He wanted to become a band leader, which because of the family's financial situation was impossible. However, he was allowed to learn to play an instrument, as were his two brothers and two sisters. He later reported
Entanglement and quantum phase transition in the extended Hubbard model
How can I record a user's voice using Javascript/PHP?
The False Teachers: Norman Vincent Peale During his lifetime, Peale authored 46 books, and the most successful by far was The Power of Positive Thinking. Published in 1952, it stayed on the New York Times list of bestsellers for 186 consecutive weeks and sold 5 million copies, making it one of the bestselling religious books of all-time.
MAMMALS - KANGAROOS Crikey-More Animal Facts! Kangaroos are the largest marsupial surviving on earth today. They are well known for their style of movement; hopping on their hind legs whilst using their large, muscular tail for balance.Kangaroos use their tail like an extra leg when they are manoeuvring around, or standing still.rikey-More Animal Facts! Kangaroos are the largest marsupial surviving on earth today. They are well known for their style of movement; hopping on their hind legs whilst using their large, muscular tail for balance. Kangaroos use their tail like an extra leg when they are manoeuvring around, or standing still.
You've misread the page. According to [your source](_URL_0_), Mars is currently 251 million *kilometers* from Earth. This agrees roughly with [Wolfram|Alpha](_URL_1_), which puts Mars at 249 million kilometers. This in turn gives a light transit time of [13.83 minutes](_URL_1_).
Michelle Sy Michelle Sy is an American film producer and executive producer. She started her career as a production assistant, working on films such as "Good Will Hunting" and "The Mighty". Later on in her career she moved into producing films herself. Her most successful film to date is "Finding Neverland"; a J. M. Barrie biographical film made in 2004. Other works include 2007 film "Fan-Demanium" and 2004's "My Name Is Modesty: A Modesty Blaise Adventure". In addition, 2002 release "Stolen Summer", which Sy produced, was the first independent film stemming from "Project Greenlight", a film competition made as a TV series with Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. Sy appeared in the series, reflecting its "behind the scenes" nature. Sy is producing a biopic about late musician Jeff Buckley with the singer's mother, Mary Guibert, which as of May 2008 is in the scripting stage.
Because the ground itself is generally non-magnetic, usually being comprised of silicates. Also, the field would tend to pull things to the poles, rather than directly to the ground, so unless you were at or near a pole, the magnetic force would not be primarily downward. See [images of iron filings around a magnet](_URL_0_) for an idea of the orientation and shape of the field. Most importantly, the field just isn't that strong - compass needles must be isolated from friction in order to align with the field, because the field doesn't exert enough of a force to overcome this friction. Edit: field strength
Philadelphia's an annualized unemployment rate was 7.8% in 2014, down from 10.0%the previous year. This is higher than the national average of 6.2%. Similarly, the rate of new jobs added to the city's economy lagged behind the national job growth. In 2014, about 8,800 jobs were added to the city's economy. Sectors with the largest number of jobs added were in education and health services, leisure and hospitality, and professional and business services. Declines were seen in the city's manufacturing and government sectors.
- In order to keep food out of the Danger Zone, your fridge must be set between 32-40° F (0-4 degrees Celsius). Your freezer must be below 32° F (0° Celsius). I keep mine as cold as it will go.
NY state disability for maternity leave NY state disability for maternity leave. It is my understanding that NY state will pay you (very small amount) when you have your baby. 6 weeks for vaginal birth and 8 weeks for a C section. Can someone tell me where I g oto apply for this? I have been searching the NY.gov sites and cant fine what I am looking for..
How to fix scrollbar in excel to get rid of extra empty rows? How to fix scrollbar in excel to get rid of extra empty rows? In Excel 2003, sometimes Excel shows a large amount of blank rows and empty columns that was previously deleted, and somehow the scrollbar thinks there’s still data when there isn’t any. Some users find this annoying, but sometimes it affects usability especially when the scrollbar gets too thin due to the excessive amount of rows / columns. To get Excel 2003 to stop showing all the empty rows: Press Cntrl+End to see which cell Excel acknowledges as the last non-empty cell in the file. Sometimes a cell is hidden deep into the file. If this is the problem you’re done. If not, continue. Highlight the rows to be deleted. Not the cells, but the entire row. Right click, and press delete. Notice that the scroll bar is still the same. Click on the Cell A1Save the workbook The same apply to columns. This problem does seem to be solved in Excel 2010. The scrollbar fixes itself when the file is saved regardless of which cell is selected. Related Posts Easy way to delete empty rows or columns without using macros in Excel? Grouping vs hiding rows or columns in Excel Key basic Excel shortcuts that always save you time How to undelete or recover a deleted tab in Excel? What is the formula for weighted average (mean) in Excel? How to delete duplicate entries or rows in Excel? This entry was posted in Excel, Excel 2003. Bookmark the permalink . 
Native Americans in the United States make up 0.97% to 2% of the population. In the 2010 census, 2.9 million people self-identified as Native American, Native Hawaiian, and Alaska Native alone, and 5.2 million people identified as U.S. Native Americans, either alone or in combination with one or more ethnicity or other races. 1.8 million are recognized as enrolled tribal members.[citation needed] Tribes have established their own criteria for membership, which are often based on blood quantum, lineal descent, or residency. A minority of US Native Americans live in land units called Indian reservations. Some California and Southwestern tribes, such as the Kumeyaay, Cocopa, Pascua Yaqui and Apache span both sides of the US–Mexican border. Haudenosaunee people have the legal right to freely cross the US–Canadian border. Athabascan, Tlingit, Haida, Tsimshian, Iñupiat, Blackfeet, Nakota, Cree, Anishinaabe, Huron, Lenape, Mi'kmaq, Penobscot, and Haudenosaunee, among others live in both Canada and the US.
Walmart isn't eliminating those prior plans: ACA is. ACA mandates only certain types of medical insurance, and the old Walmart plans don't qualify. In terms of why Walmart isn't offering the new ACA-approved plans to part-time employees, it's simply a matter of money. Those plans cost more money than they're willing to spend on part-time labor. The reason ACA isn't preventing this is that the authors didn't want to toss part-time workers out of work. If ACA mandated that part-time workers be provided health care, a large number of them would have simply been laid off to accommodate such a rule.
Serum Phosphorus Test Your doctor may order a serum phosphorus test if they suspect that your phosphorus level is too low or too high. Either extreme can lead to health problems. Symptoms that may indicate your phosphorus level is too low include: changes in your mental state (for example, anxiety, irritability, or confusion) bone issues, such as pain, fragility, and poor development in children
Welcome To Heartspeak HeartSpeak is an exciting new emotional healing and stress reduction tool developed by Dr. Anne Jensen. HeartSpeak uses the premise that there are two parts to the mind: The Logical Mind and the Emotional Mind. Our Emotional Mind is often the seeker of ‘truth’ that is so often drowned by our Logical Mind. Yet being separated from your truth is one of the classic triggers of anxiety, depression and self-loathing.
Louisiana Purchase The Louisiana Purchase was an incredible deal for the United States, the final cost totaling less than five cents per acre at $15 million (about $283 million in today's dollars).
Is Neosporin Safe for Cats? Cats > Medicine Is Neosporin Safe for Cats? Neosporin, which is more generically labeled 'antibiotic ointment,' prevents infection in wounds and causes wounds to heal more quickly by keeping them free from bacterial infection. Neosporin is intended for humans, but cat owners may wonder whether the ointment is safe for cats. Antibiotic Ointment Is Generally Safe Because Neosporin is an ointment to prevent infection, it is generally safe to use on cats. In fact, since cat scratches and bites (if the cat is encountering another cat) can be greatly prone to infection because of a cat's bacteria, and antibiotic ointment can help the cat heal significantly. The owner of a cat who suffers a minor scratch or wound may apply a small amount of the ointment, on a cotton swab or ball, to the wound after applying a small amount of a product such as hydrogen peroxide to clean the wound. When Neosporin May Cause a Minor Problem While Neosporin is not highly poisonous, it is not intended to be ingested. Cats frequently lick themselves in order to bathe, and any wound on which the owner places antibiotic ointment may irritate the cat, causing it to lick and bite at the area more frequently. During this time, the cat may ingest the ointment. To prevent such an occurrence, owners may want to watch their cats for a few minutes after application and then use a damp cloth to wash the majority of the ointment away. When Neosporin Is Not Safe Some antibiotic ointments contain added ingredients to combat pain in the wound. These types of the ointment are labelled "+ pain relief." While they may not pose an immense threat to a cat, antibiotic ointment with pain relief may cause irritation and could have ingredients that are not safe for cats. Owners should make sure that the antibiotic ointments they use on their cats do not include pain relief formula. When the Wound Is Too Severe Neosporin is not intended for use on deep wounds, and this includes on cats. Cats especially may be prone to deep puncture wounds because of the claws of other cats or the cat's exploratory nature. Some of these deep puncture wounds may appear small and seem like surface wounds, so the owner should carefully evaluate the type of wound by first determining the source of the wound, and whether it is a deep puncture, and then observing the bleeding. If the bleeding is excessive, the wound may be a puncture and should be examined by a vet. If even a surface wound is bright red or swelling, the wound may already be infected and too severe for treatment with antibiotic ointment alone. In most cases, Neosporin is safe for use on cats, but it may present complications if left on for long periods. When used on small cuts and wounds, antibiotic ointment is generally safe for cats, but owners who suspect a more severe wound should bring their cat to a vet for a more detailed examination. Comments Related Links: Array 
How big do wolves normally get? Report Abuse. 1  How Big Are Wolves. 2  In general, height varies from 0.6 to .95 meters and (26–38 inches) at the shoulder. 3  For the best answers, search on this site https://shorturl.im/WTvw2.  This Site Might Help 1  You. if your talking height wise they only get about 3 ft tall and 5 ft wide.
How do I boost my cell phone signal at home?
It combined the high speed of electronics with the ability to be programmed for many complex problems. It could add or subtract 5000 times a second, a thousand times faster than any other machine. It also had modules to multiply, divide, and square root. High speed memory was limited to 20 words (about 80 bytes). Built under the direction of John Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert at the University of Pennsylvania, ENIAC's development and construction lasted from 1943 to full operation at the end of 1945. The machine was huge, weighing 30 tons, using 200 kilowatts of electric power and contained over 18,000 vacuum tubes, 1,500 relays, and hundreds of thousands of resistors, capacitors, and inductors.
Look at how the approach to the towers is laid out on the [map](_URL_0_). Both approaches are from the south, and the Vehicle Assembly Building is to the southwest. This is a more-or-less minimum distance path to the towers. If they did want to align the orbiter on the pad with the orbital inclination, so there was no need to roll, they would have had to run the carrier track all the way around to the east, which, from the map, is the beach.  It's quite costly to build the approach any other way, whereas the Roll Program to roll the vehicle after launch is essentially free. Also remember that not all of the Shuttle flights were launched into the same orbit, so the angle of roll would vary. Early launches were directly east for a 28 deg inclination orbit, but the Space Station launches were all to the northeast for a 58 deg orbit. So no matter what the roll would be needed.
CA Gunnnitors should do everything they can to support Prop 19... ... (legalization of pot) because if it passes, many of the anti-gun zealots in the state will be too mellow and too busy eating Doritos to go to the polls and vote against gun rights.  

Instead, they'll be all "like, wow, that thing makes some bad-ass fire and noise when it goes off".

**But seriously:**  I often wonder if we could gain back any lost ground by working the "we'll scratch your back if you scratch ours" angle.
DOS was the operating system. Windows was just a graphical interface that could do many of the things you would use DOS for such as moving or viewing files. Windows ran on top of DOS just like Solitaire runs on windows.  If you had a computer, you would know how to run DOS. You didn't need programing skills, just how to open the programs you wanted to run. Sometimes the program you wanted to run required windows as it had a graphical interface as well so from DOS you would open windows. After windows loads you would open your program. Kind of like how if you want to go to reddit, you need to open your web browser first. You don't need to know any web programming or HTML to use the internet, just how to get around.
Roasted Venison/Deer There are 162 calories in 3 ounces of boneless Roasted Venison/Deer. Calorie breakdown: 20% fat, 0% carbs, 80% protein.
United States at the Olympics From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search United States at the Olympics Flag of the United States IOC code USAMedals Gold Silver Bronze Total1,127 905 795 2,827Summer appearances1896 1900 1904 1908 1912 1920 1924 19281932 1936 1948 1952 1956 1960 19641968 1972 1976 1980 1984 1988 1992 19962000 2004 2008 2012 2016Winter appearances1924 1928 1932 1936 1948 1952 1956 19601964 1968 1972 1976 1980 1984 19881992 1994 1998 2002 2006 2010 2014 2018Other related appearances1906 Intercalated Games The United States of America has sent athletes to every celebration of the modern Olympic Games except the 1980 Summer Olympics, during which it led a boycott. The United States Olympic Committee (USOC) is the National Olympic Committee for the United States. U. S. athletes have won a total of 2,522 medals (1,022 of them gold) at the Summer Olympic Games, the most of any nation, and another 305 at the Winter Olympic Games, the second highest result. The United States has topped the gold medal count (as the medals are listed on the IOC website, and internationally by tradition) at seventeen Summer Olympics, the most of any nation, and one Winter Olympics. The United States holds the record both for the most medals of any nation won in a single Summer Olympics and the most gold medals of any nation won in a single Summer Olympics. Contents [ hide ]1 Hosted Games2 Medal tables2.1 Medals by Summer Games2.2 Medals by Winter Games2.3 Medals by summer sport2.4 Medals by winter sport3 Flagbearers4 Amateurism and professionalism5 See also6 References7 External links Hosted Games [ edit]The United States has hosted the Games on eight occasions, more than any other country, and is planning to host the ninth: Games Host city Dates Nations Participants Events1904 Summer Olympics St. Louis, Missouri 1 July – 23 November 12 651 911932 Winter Olympics Lake Placid, New York 7 – 15 February 17 252 141932 Summer Olympics Los Angeles, California 30 July – 14 August 37 1,332 1171960 Winter Olympics Squaw Valley, California 2 – 20 February 30 665 271980 Winter Olympics Lake Placid, New York 13 – 24 February 37 1,072 381984 Summer Olympics Los Angeles, California 28 July – 12 August 140 6,829 2211996 Summer Olympics Atlanta, Georgia 19 July – 4 August 197 10,318 2712002 Winter Olympics Salt Lake City, Utah 8 – 24 February 77 2,399 782028 Summer Olympics Los Angeles, California 21 July - 6 August TBA TBA TBAMedal tables [ edit]See also: All-time Olympic Games medal count Red border color indicates host nation status. Medals by Summer Games [ edit]See also: All-time Olympic Games medal count § Summer Olympics Games Athletes Gold Silver Bronze Total Gold medals Overall medals1896 Athens 14 11 7 220 1 21900 Paris 75 19 14 1447 2 21904 St. Louis 526 78 82 79239 1 11908 London 122 23 12 1247 2 21912 Stockholm 174 25 19 1963 1 21920 Antwerp 288 41 27 2795 1 11924 Paris 299 45 27 2799 1 11928 Amsterdam 280 22 18 1656 1 11932 Los Angeles 474 41 32 30103 1 11936 Berlin 359 24 20 1256 2 21948 London 300 38 27 1984 1 11952 Helsinki 286 40 19 1776 1 11956 Melbourne 297 32 25 1774 2 21960 Rome 292 34 21 1671 2 21964 Tokyo 346 36 26 2890 1 21968 Mexico City 357 45 28 34107 1 11972 Munich 400 33 31 3094 2 21976 Montreal 396 34 35 2594 3 21980 Moscow Did not participate1984 Los Angeles 522 83 61 30174 1 11988 Seoul 527 36 31 2794 3 31992 Barcelona 545 37 34 37108 2 21996 Atlanta 646 44 32 25101 1 12000 Sydney 586 37 24 3293 1 12004 Athens 613 36 39 26101 1 12008 Beijing 596 36 39 37112 2 12012 London 530 46 28 29103 1 12016 Rio de Janeiro 554 46 37 38121 1 12020 Tokyo Future event2024 Paris Future event2028 Los Angeles Future event Total 1022 795 705 2522 1 1Medals by Winter Games [ edit]See also: All-time Olympic Games medal count § Winter Olympics Games Athletes Gold Silver Bronze Total Gold medals Overall medals1924 Chamonix 24 1 2 1 4 5 31928 St. Moritz 24 2 2 2 6 2 21932 Lake Placid 64 6 4 2 12 1 11936 Garmisch-Partenkirchen 55 1 0 3 4 8 61948 St. Moritz 69 3 4 2 9 4 41952 Oslo 65 4 6 1 11 2 21956 Cortina d'Ampezzo 67 2 3 2 7 6 5
Acre to Square Meter Conversion (acÂ² to mÂ²) Home » Area Conversion » Acre Acre to Square Meter Conversion (ac² to m²)Please enter acre (ac²) value of area unit to convert acre to square meter. Acre (ac²)↺Decimals1 ac² = 4046.8252519 m²Facebook Google+ Twitter » Square Meter to Acreac²: Acre, m²: Square Meter How Many Square Meter in a Acre? There are 4046.8252519 square meter in a acre. 1 Acre is equal to 4046.8252519 Square Meter. 1 ac² = 4046.8252519 m²Acre Definition Used widely in the US customary system and the Imperial system, an acre is a unit of area equal to 1/640 of a square mile, or 0.4047 of a hectare, or 43,560 square feet. To imagine what an acre is, one can imagine the area which is equal to approximately 3/4 of the common football field. This unit of area has the international symbol of ac. Convert Acre Square Meter Definition One of the base units of area, a square meter shows the area which is equal to a square with sides of 1 meter each. This is the unit widely used by all countries of the world regardless of the traditional measurement system they utilize. Square meter can be abbreviated to m 2 or sometimes to sq m. One square meter is equal to 1550 square inches or 10.763 911 square feet. Convert Square Meter About ac² to m² Converter This is a very easy to use acre to square meter converter . First of all just type the acre (ac²) value in the text field of the conversion form to start converting ac² to m² , then select the decimals value and finally hit convert button if auto calculation didn't work. Square Meter value will be converted automatically as you type. The decimals value is the number of digits to be calculated or rounded of the result of acre to square meter conversion. You can also check the acre to square meter conversion chart below, or go back to acre to square meter converter to top. Acre to Square Meter Conversion Examples1 ac² = 4046.8252519 Square Meter Example for 2 Acre: 2 Acre = 2 (Acre) 2 Acre = 2 x (4046.8252519 Square Meter) 2 Acre = 8093.6505038 Square Meter Example for 10 Acre: 10 Acre = 10 (Acre) 10 Acre = 10 x (4046.8252519 Square Meter) 10 Acre = 40468.252519 Square Meter Example for 40 Acre: 40 Acre = 40 (Acre) 40 Acre = 40 x (4046.8252519 Square Meter) 40 Acre = 161873.010076 Square Meter Acre to Square Meter Conversion Chart Acre Square Meter1 ac² 4046.8252519 m²2 ac² 8093.6505038 m²3 ac² 12140.4757557 m²4 ac² 16187.3010076 m²5 ac² 20234.1262595 m²6 ac² 24280.9515114 m²7 ac² 28327.7767633 m²8 ac² 32374.6020152 m²9 ac² 36421.4272671 m²10 ac² 40468.252519 m²11 ac² 44515.0777709 m²12 ac² 48561.9030228 m²13 ac² 52608.7282747 m²14 ac² 56655.5535266 m²15 ac² 60702.3787785 m²16 ac² 64749.2040304 m²17 ac² 68796.0292823 m²18 ac² 72842.8545342 m²19 ac² 76889.6797861 m²20 ac² 80936.505038 m²21 ac² 84983.3302899 m²22 ac² 89030.1555418 m²23 ac² 93076.9807937 m²24 ac² 97123.8060456 m²25 ac² 101170.6312975 m²26 ac² 105217.4565494 m²27 ac² 109264.2818013 m²28 ac² 113311.1070532 m²29 ac² 117357.9323051 m²30 ac² 121404.757557 m²31 ac² 125451.5828089 m²32 ac² 129498.4080608 m²33 ac² 133545.2333127 m²34 ac² 137592.0585646 m²35 ac² 141638.8838165 m²36 ac² 145685.7090684 m²37 ac² 149732.5343203 m²38 ac² 153779.3595722 m²39 ac² 157826.1848241 m²40 ac² 161873.010076 m²41 ac² 165919.8353279 m²42 ac² 169966.6605798 m²43 ac² 174013.4858317 m²44 ac² 178060.3110836 m²45 ac² 182107.1363355 m²46 ac² 186153.9615874 m²47 ac² 190200.7868393 m²48 ac² 194247.6120912 m²49 ac² 198294.4373431 m²50 ac² 202341.262595 m²Acre Square Meter50 ac² 202341.262595 m²55 ac² 222575.3888545 m²60 ac² 242809.515114 m²65 ac² 263043.6413735 m²70 ac² 283277.767633 m²75 ac² 303511.8938925 m²80 ac² 323746.020152 m²85 ac² 343980.1464115 m²90 ac² 364214.272671 m²95 ac² 384448.3989305 m²100 ac² 404682.52519 m²105 ac² 424916.6514495 m²110 ac² 445150.777709 m²115 ac² 465384.9039685 m²120 ac² 485619.030228 m²125 ac² 505853.1564875 m²130 ac² 526087.282747 m²135 ac² 546321.4090065 m²140 ac² 566555.535266 m²145 ac² 586789.6615255 m²150 ac² 607023.787785 m²155 ac² 627257.9140445 m²160 ac² 647492.040304 m²165 ac² 667726.1665635 m²17
Fiesta Dishes.info These discontinued Fiestaware colors can be divided into several categories: The Original Fiesta Colors The original colors are cobalt blue, light green, ivory, red, turquoise and yellow.These colors were introduced in 1936. Of these colors, the production periods are as follows: 1  Cobalt Blue Fiestaware - 1936 to 1951.hese discontinued Fiestaware colors can be divided into several categories: The Original Fiesta Colors The original colors are cobalt blue, light green, ivory, red, turquoise and yellow.
How a Cavity Treated by a Dentist How a Cavity Treated by a Dentist By Dr. Harold Katz - Bad Breath Expert The human mouth is filled with bacteria that produce acids. These acids gradually erode the teeth in a process known as tooth decay. If this process is not prevented through proper oral hygiene, the teeth will eventually develop cavities. What is a Cavity? A cavity is a hole that develops in a tooth when the acid produced by bacteria eats away the minerals faster than the tooth can repair it. There are no symptoms of a cavity until the tooth has decayed to the point where it develops an infection. When this occurs, the tooth will develop a sharp pain known as a toothache. The pain can be mild to excruciating and may come and go. Preventing Cavities As most dentists recommend, the best way to prevent a cavity is by brushing one's teeth twice a day with a fluoride toothpaste, flossing and rinsing with an oral rinse. As the tooth begins to decay more severely, there are several treatments that a dentist can use to attempt to repair the tooth. One of the best oral care product brands on the market to prevent cavities is Thera Breath®. Click here to view the complete line of Thera Breath® oral care products. Filling a Cavity One approach is to fill in the cavity with fillings. This is a substance that fills in the tooth and prevents bacteria from entering the tooth. A tooth that becomes infected will gradually wear away and fall out. However, a filling will prevent the bacteria from infecting the inside. A dentist will first numb the area where he or she will treat the tooth. Then, an instrument must be used to remove the decayed part of the tooth. Instruments that are typically used include a laser, drill or air abrasion instrument. With the cavity opened up, the dentist must inspect the tooth to make sure that the entire decayed area of tooth has been removed. The cavity must then be cleaned to create space for the filling. After the dentist fills the tooth, he or she must polish and try to match the original tooth shape. This helps to ensure the patient has a comfortable and natural mouth closure. Cavities must be caught as early as possible. Fillings are much easier and are less expensive than the measures used to salvage teeth with more severe tooth decay. In some cases, the tooth has decayed to the point where the nerve is in danger. Under these circumstances, the dentist will use a liner to protect the nerve before injecting the filling. Patients can have a tooth-colored filling used by the dentist to give their teeth a more natural look. In this case, the filling must be applied in layers and each layer must be hardened individually using a special light. The dentist then shapes, trims and polishes the remaining filling. Crowning a Tooth When a tooth decays badly enough, it can become broken. In this case, the tooth can only be repaired with a crown, which attempts to restore the tooth at the gum line. The crown is sometimes added after a root canal to prevent the tooth from breaking. The crown will hold a very fragile tooth together, maximizing the chances that the patient will keep his or her teeth. The crown also can be used to restore a tooth that has already been broken. If there isn't much of a tooth left and the tooth has received a very large filling, the crown will cover the filling and support the tooth. The crown is intended to look like an actual tooth, allowing patients to keep the dental work a secret. Dental crowns are sometimes used in combination with a bridge or a dental implant. The crown is needed to hold the dental bridge in place and is also needed to cover up dental implants. Dental bridges are used to bridge a gap that is created between one or more missing teeth. Dental implants are objects that serve as a foundation for a false tooth. Root Canals In some cases, the pulp of the tooth becomes infected as a result of the cavity. This can create severe pain and the dentist will need to remove the infected pulp through a process called a root canal. The remainder of the pulp can then heal aft
North Jackson, Ohio North Jackson is an unincorporated community in central Jackson Township, Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 44451. [1] It lies along State Route 45 between Salem and Warren. The community is part of the Youngstown - Warren - Boardman, OH- PA Metropolitan Statistical Area. North Jackson is the site of a Marian shrine of the Catholic Church, the Basilica and National Shrine of Our Lady of Lebanon. History [ edit]A post office called North Jackson has been in operation since 1837. [2] Besides the post office, North Jackson had a station on the Pennsylvania Railroad. [3] A variant name was Jackson Center. [4]Education [ edit]North Jackson is also home to Jackson-Milton Public Schools which provide education for North Jackson and Lake Milton residents. [5]North Jackson has a public library, a branch of the Public Library of Youngstown and Mahoning County. [6]References [ edit]^ Zip Code Lookup^ "Mahoning County". Jim Forte Postal History. Retrieved 18 January 2016.^ Butler, Joseph Green (1921). History of Youngstown and the Mahoning Valley, Ohio. American Historical Society. p. 580.^ U. S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System: North Jackson, Ohio^ "Homepage". Jackson-Milton Local School District. Retrieved 1 March 2018.^ "Locations & Hours". Public Library of Youngstown and Mahoning County. Retrieved 26 February 2018. [ hide]v t e Municipalities and communities of Mahoning County, Ohio, United States County seat: Youngstown Cities Alliance ‡ Campbell Canfield Columbiana ‡ Salem ‡ Struthers Youngstown ‡Villages Beloit Craig Beach Lowellville New Middletown Poland Sebring Washingtonville ‡Townships Austintown Beaver Berlin Boardman Canfield Coitsville Ellsworth Goshen Green Jackson Milton Poland Smith Springfield CDPs Austintown Boardman Damascus ‡ Maple Ridge Mineral Ridge ‡Unincorporated communities Berlin Center Blanco Calla Coitsville Center East Lewistown Ellsworth Fredericksburg Garfield Greenford Hickory Corners Knaufville Lake Milton Locust Grove Millville New Albany New Buffalo New Springfield North Benton North Jackson North Lima Ohltown Patmos Petersburg Poland Center Pricetown ‡ Rosemont Snodes West Austintown Woodworth Footnotes ‡This populated place also has portions in an adjacent county or counties Coordinates: 41°06′00″N 80°51′26″WThis Mahoning County, Ohio state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 
Graph of a function In mathematics, the graph of a function f is the collection of all ordered pairs (x, f(x)). If the function input x is a scalar, the graph is a two-dimensional graph, and for a continuous function is a curve. If the function input x is an ordered pair (x1, x2) of real numbers, the graph is the collection of all ordered triples (x1, x2, f(x1, x2)), and for a continuous function is a surface.
girl doesn't date or have relationships?? So, i've been talking to this chick for a few weeks. Been on 2 or 3 semi dates (coffee, study date, etc). Things have been going well, we're real flirty, texting each other about once or twice a day. 
I decided to take her out last fri to a concert so we can spend some intimate time together while getting drinks. She's really hot and fun so i thought this is a great opportunity to make my move. The date starts out great, our energy is good, lots of kino. Halfway through dinner, she starts talking about her ex-bf. First time she has brought up anyone else in her past. She doesn't say much, just talked about some random events that he was part of that fit into our conversation. We get to the concert venue and we are cuddling drinking beers having a great time watching the show. I look at her and lean in saying, "thanks for being a great date" trying to go in for a kiss. Then all of a sudden, she says. "I don't date or do relationships" I was kinda caught off guard and was thought to myself "wtf is this night then" (i'm def not trying to jump into a relatioship, but I did pay for the date?). I pull back a bit and ask her y. She then goes into her past relationships, ex-boyfriends, telling me about people that have cheated on her, how she can't trust anyone for the rest of her life and doesn't ever see her with a single guy anymore. I was completely shocked where the direction of this conversation went. I think this is where I fucked up, I didn't know what to say, so i said something along the lines of, all that sucks but I'm sure u'll find someone in your life. Without meaning to, I think she assumed I was trying to say I was that person, so she started really pushing me away and basically completely put up her defense from me. We were friendly the rest of the night, holding hands and cuddling and hugging but no more progress. She dropped me off and said she had to "leave" cuz she had work early the next day. Got a text the next morning thaking me for the concert and we texted back and forth for a bit but didn't really talk about the last night at all. 

We're still talking and we still have mutual friends so I'm sure we will be seeing each other soon. I feel I still got a chance with her so, how do I let her know I'm not interested in a relationship? Since she doesn't "date" what term should I use to describe I wana just hook up with her? 

Thanks in advance. 

Where did I fuck up and How can i prevent this in the future??
- The call note of the goldfinch sounds like dear me, dear me. They are also called catnip bird, beet bird, lettuce bird, salad bird and thistle bird because they eat those seeds. Other names include wild canary, willow goldfinch and yellowbird.Accidents can happen to goldfinches. They have been caught on the hooked burrs of burdock and could not escape.hile its true that the goldfinch enjoys thistle seeds, there is nothing sad about this beautiful, colourful little bird. Goldfinches are between 11 and 14 centimetres (4 1/2 to 5 1/2 inches) long and weigh from 11.8 to 13.3 grams (1/3 to 1/2 ounce).
Bilbo Baggins had played Frodo in the BBC radio series 20 years earlier. The movies omit the 17-year gap between Bilbo's 111th birthday and Frodo's departure from the Shire, as a result Bilbo mentions in Rivendell that he was unable to revisit the Lonely Mountain before his retirement. In Peter Jackson's "The Hobbit" film series, a prequel to "The Lord of the Rings", the young Bilbo is portrayed by Martin Freeman while Ian Holm reprises his role as an older Bilbo in "" (2012) and "" (2014). The International Astronomical Union names all colles (small hills) on Saturn's moon Titan after characters
What is the current exchange rate?
Essentially, you are describing the [Sapir-Whorf hypothesis](_URL_1_), now commonly referred to as "linguistic relativity". To summarize that article- many linguists support the idea to some extent, and there are absolutely universal features of every human language that can be used for comparison, but we don't yet have a scientific consensus on how true it is.
HSP Profile not working on connecting via Android Settings Dialog I am a newbie on bluetooth &amp; facing a few basic problems. I am currently working on an android voice assistant application, trying to make it work with bluetooth headsets.   

If I connect to bluetooth via settings dialog the voice is still captured from Phone's microphone(and not from headset) but when it's connected via HSP profile programatically, voice is captured from Headset.  

Can anyone help me understand this behaviour?
GCN5L1 promotes diastolic dysfunction by inhibiting cardiac pyruvate oxidation Left ventricular diastolic dysfunction is a structural and functional condition that precedes the development of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF). The etiology of diastolic dysfunction includes alterations in fuel substrate metabolism that negatively impact cardiac bioenergetics, and may precipitate the eventual transition to heart failure. To date, the molecular mechanisms that regulate early changes in fuel metabolism leading to diastolic dysfunction remain unclear. In this report, we use a diet-induced obesity model and quantitative acetylproteomics in aged mice to show that inhibitory lysine acetylation of the pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) complex promotes energetic deficits and diastolic dysfunction in mouse hearts. Cardiomyocyte-specific deletion of the mitochondrial lysine acetylation regulatory protein GCN5L1 prevented hyperacetylation of the PDH complex subunit PDHA1, allowing aged obese mice to continue using pyruvate as a bioenergetic substrate in the heart. Our findings suggest that changes in mitochondrial protein lysine acetylation represent a key metabolic component of diastolic dysfunction that precedes the development of heart failure.
WHAT IS A RADIOLOGIST? WHAT IS A RADIOLOGIST? ABOUT US What is a Radiologist? A radiologist is a medical doctor who specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of disease and injury by using medical imaging technologies, such as MRI and CT. Radiologists also treat diseases, such as cancer or heart disease, by means of radiation or minimally invasive, image-guided surgery. Radiologists are often able to see problems early by interpreting the results of your imaging study and can provide an accurate diagnosis to your referring physician. Generally, a radiologist: Acts as an expert imaging consultant to your referring physician Directs radiology technologists (the specialists who operate the equipment) to ensure quality exams Helps determine the appropriate imaging exam for your needs Recommends further exams or other next steps in your treatment Reviews and interprets the images from your exam Provides your physician with a detailed report of your exam What type of education/training does a radiologist receive? What certifications do radiologists have? Why a radiologist for my imaging exam? What are the tools of a radiologist? Can I ask to speak with my radiologist? How can I ensure the quality of my exam? 
 What Is Sparging? What is a Sparging? Sparging is a technical term for injecting gas into a liquid or for spraying a liquid onto a solid. Spargers are porous disc or tube assemblies that are also referred to as Bubblers, Carbonators, Aerators, Porous Stones and Diffusers. Porous Metal Spargers are widely used in Gas-Liquid contacting applications that affect everyday living. A common example of sparging can be seen in an aquarium where air is bubbled into the tank through a fine porous “stone” in order to maintain the level of the dissolved oxygen in the water. Spargers are also used to carbonate beverages such as Beer and Soda. Gas Liquid Contacting can also be used to extend the shelf life of foods and beverages such as Orange Juice, Wine and Yogurt. By injecting fine Nitrogen bubbles into the food or beverage, the overall Oxygen content is reduced (Oxygen Stripping) and the product life is extended. If a pressurized gas is forced through the fine network of pores in a porous metal sparger, very small diameter bubbles (0.5 to 10 micrometers) are produced to allow a high efficiency transfer of the contact gas to the liquid. Conventional drilled pipe spargers have larger holes which produce large bubbles that do not dissolve as well. Finer bubbles generated by porous sintered metal sparger have a higher surface area and therefore speed up the chemical reaction saving processing time. The increased efficiency of the contact gas also results in significant cost savings since the overall gas consumption can be significantly reduced. Finer pore size materials are also used to prevent the liquid from penetrating back into the pores at lower internal pressures. Spargers are also utilized to control process chemistry or the p H of a process such as for Steel Refining, for Water Treatment, for Fermentation and for Hydrogenation. Sparging Ozone is being used to kill bacteria in water and eliminates the need to add Chlorine. Steam Sparging commonly uses porous stainless steel sparger assemblies to generate fine bubbles and reduce the effects of steam hammering that is typical with larger bubbles from drilled pipe spargers. Porous Metal Spargers can be used for injecting gas (aeration) in food packaging applications or for bulking up the volume of products such as Mayonnaise and Yogurt. Porous metal spargers have the advantage of a rugged design that can be cleaned and reused. Porous Metal Spargers also provide superior temperature and corrosion resistance in demanding service environments and applications. Advertisements Loading... Tags: chand eisenmann, metallurgical, sintered metal, Spargers, sparging This entry was posted on February 8, 2008 at 6:09 pm and is filed under Spargers . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. 
Robert J. Barham Robert Jocelyn Barham (born January 25, 1949) is an American large-scale farmer from Morehouse Parish in northern Louisiana who served for all eight years under former Governor Bobby Jindal as the secretary of his state's Department of Wildlife and Fisheries. He is a Republican former member of the Louisiana State Senate for District 33 (Claiborne, Morehouse, Union, and West Carroll parishes), all of which border Arkansas in the northeastern section of his state.
Pronator teres Pronator teres The pronator teres muscle is located on the palmar side of the forearm, below the elbow. Aided by the pronator quadratus, its function is to rotate the forearm palm-down. This is also known as pronation. The pronator teres muscle has two heads: the humeral head and the ulnar head. As the names imply, they connect the ends of the humerus and the ulna to the radius. The humeral head is the larger and shallower of the two. It begins above the medial epicondyle, on the medial supracondylar ridge and the common flexor tendon. The ulnar head originates below the elbow on the inside of the coronoid process of the ulna. The two heads come together, cross the forearm diagonally, and insert halfway down the lateral surface of the radius via a tendon. The pronator teres is innervated by the median nerve. Pronator teres syndrome is sometimes attributed to neurogenic pain in the wrist. It is caused by overactivity of the pronator teres muscle in which the median nerve becomes entrapped. Repetitive throwing or turning of a screwdriver can cause pronator teres syndrome. 
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
- The earth wire is a crucial part of the home electrical system and is designed to protect against electric shock. If faults occur in the electrical system, the electricity will flow to earth by the shortest and easiest path.
What is a Defibrillator? A defibrillator is a machine used to shock the victim's heart and restore the heart's normal rhythmic patterns. When this machine is used, it in effect kicks the heart into action again, causing it to resume pumping blood throughout the body.
- Skeletal muscles cover your skeleton, giving your body its shape. They are attached to your skeleton by strong, springy tendons or are directly connected to rough patches of bone. Skeletal muscles are under voluntary control, which means you consciously control what they do.
How much paper does most schools waste? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Science Biology Ecology and Bionomics Environmental Issues Pollution How much paper does most schools waste? Flag How much paper does most schools waste? Edit Answer by Justyce Jai Confidence votes 39According to Recycle Now Schools.com website, paper waste for secondary school students it is approximately 22kg or 48.4 lbs and for primary school students, approximately 45kg or 99 lbs (per academic year, per student).7 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No How much paper is wasted per billboard? about 2 sheets a day. But if that goes on for a week, 14 sheets of paper are already wasted!Edit How much paper do high schools waste? about 2502400 per 400 students Edit Taylorlikesit 40 Contributions How much paper is wasted? Tons!Edit Soniclover10 12 Contributions How much paper is wasted a year?on average 300 tons of paper gets wasted every year Edit What percentage of paper is wasted at schools?99% It all gets thrown out anyways. Edit Girly JB 2 Contributions How much paper does a school waste? The average school wastes aproximately 99% of paper each week. Edit How much paper is wasted in a month? nobody know but i think alot Edit How much paper does an elmentary school waste in one year? 390 reams of paper x 12 and there is 500 pieces of paper in one ream Edit How much paper is wasted by schools?1031119Edit How much paper is wasted on homework?7000 tones and the government think that homework is a total wast of time when they think that the children could be going out and burning off fat and its not right to keep th …How much paper does homework waste?it depends on a different variety of things. Edit How much paper is wasted on homework a year?26,000,000Edit Answered In Colleges and Universities How much energy is wasted at school? A lot of energy can be wasted at schools. Sometimes, central heating is left on in rooms with no one in them. Edit Target Driver 15,490 Contributions Answered In Waste and Recycling How much paper is wasted on homework each day in an average middle school? The only wasted paper comes from those students who write down the answers they get from this site without doing any of the work themselves. Edit Answered In School Subjects How much trees do homework paper waste? Let's just say a lot........................ Edit Answered In School Uniforms How much do schools waste in school uniforms? They_waste_about_1,000$_a_year They_waste_30$-60$_for_each_students_uniforms!! Edit Quan Yong 64 Contributions Answered In Biology How much paper is wasted on voting?1o tons of paper Edit 
Smell and Taste Disorders: A Primary Care Approach Smell and Taste Disorders: A Primary Care Approach PRINT COMMENTSSHARESTEVEN M. BROMLEY, M. D., University of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, New York, New York Am Fam Physician. 2000 Jan 15;61 (2):427-436. See related patient information handout on problems with smell or taste, written by the author of this article. Smell and taste disorders are common in the general population, with loss of smell occurring more frequently. Although these disorders can have a substantial impact on quality of life and may represent significant underlying disease, they are often overlooked by the medical community. Patients may have difficulty recognizing smell versus taste dysfunction and frequently confuse the concepts of “flavor” and “taste.” While the most common causes of smell disturbance are nasal and sinus disease, upper respiratory infection and head trauma, frequent causes of taste disturbance include oral infections, oral appliances (e.g., dentures), dental procedures and Bell's palsy. Medications can interfere with smell and taste, and should be reviewed in all patients with reported dysfunction. In addition, advancing age has been associated with a natural impairment of smell and taste ability. A focused history and a physical examination of the nose and mouth are usually sufficient to screen for underlying pathology. Computed tomographic scanning or magnetic resonance imaging of affected areas, as well as commercially available standardized tests, may be useful in selected patients. The causes of olfactory dysfunction that are most amenable to treatment include obstructing polyps or other masses (treated by excision) and inflammation (treated with steroids). Enhancement of food flavor and appearance can improve quality of life in patients with irreversible dysfunction. The senses of smell and taste allow full appreciation of the flavor and palatability of foods and also serve as an early warning system against toxins, polluted air, smoke and spoiled food products. 1 Physiologically, the chemical senses aid in normal digestion by triggering gastrointestinal secretions. 2Smell or taste dysfunction can have a significant impact on quality of life. Deficits of these senses can adversely affect food choice and intake, especially in the elderly, and have been implicated in weight loss, malnutrition, impaired immunity and worsening of medical illness. 3, 4 Patients frequently report increased use of sugar and salt to compensate for diminished senses of smell and taste, 5, 6 a practice that is detrimental to those with diabetes mellitus or hypertension. Subjective complaints do not always accurately reflect the chemosensory disturbance experienced by a patient. Although most affected patients complain of problems with smell and taste, testing frequently demonstrates impairment that is primarily olfactory in nature 7 – 9 ( Figure 1). 7 Patients commonly confuse symptoms of flavor loss, which results from smell disturbance, with taste dysfunction. For example, the common cold may distort the flavor of food, but a patient's ability to taste (i.e., salty, sweet, sour, bitter) remains intact. Most flavors depend on retronasal stimulation of the smell receptors. The rightsholder did not grant rights to reproduce this item in electronic media. For the missing item, see the original print version of this publication. FIGURE 1. Smell ANATOMY AND PHYSIOLOGYThe human sense of smell depends on the functioning of not only cranial nerve I (olfactory nerve) but also portions of cranial nerve V (trigeminal nerve). Qualitative odor sensations (e.g., the smell of a rose, lemon or grass) are mediated by cranial nerve I (Figures 2a and 2b), whereas somatosensory overtones of odorants (e.g., warmth, coolness, sharpness and irritation) are mediated by the ophthalmic and maxillary divisions of cranial nerve V. View/Print Figure FIGURE 2A. Anatomy of the olfactory neural pathways, showing the distribution of olfactory receptors in the r
First Transcontinental Railroad site. The Union Pacific Railroad did not start construction for another 18 months until July 1865. They were delayed by difficulties obtaining financial backing and the unavailability of workers and materials due to the Civil War. Their start point in the new city of Omaha, Nebraska was not yet connected via railroad to Council Bluffs, Iowa. Equipment needed to begin work was initially delivered to Omaha and Council Bluffs by paddle steamers on the Missouri River. The Union Pacific was so slow in beginning construction during 1865 that they sold two of the four steam locomotives they had purchased. After
Taking these two sources: _URL_2_ _URL_2_ Give us $241 trillion as the estimated global wealth and 7.13 billion people. That leaves you with about $33,800 per person. And would be only $33k *per person.* Businesses, governments, industry, etc. would have literally no wealth and would cease. And that's just basically a cash amount you'd get handed after you threw all your equity, real property, cash, savings...*everything* "into the pot."
Instagram Instagram is a mobile , desktop , and internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately . It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger , and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system . A version for Android devices was released two years later , in April 2012 , followed by a feature-limited website interface in November 2012 , and apps for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 in April 2016 and October 2016 respectively .   Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service . Users can apply various digital filters to their images , and add locations through geotags . They can add hashtags to their posts , linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic . Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles , enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well . Originally , a distinctive feature of Instagram was its confining of photos to a square ; this was changed in August 2015 , when an update started allowing users to upload media at full size . In June 2012 , an `` Explore '' tab was introduced in the mobile apps , showing users a variety of media , including ( but not limited to ) popular photos and photos taken at nearby locations , trending tags and places , channels for recommended videos , and curated content . Support for videos was originally launched in June 2013 , and had a 15-second maximum duration and limited quality , with Instagram later adding support for widescreen and longer videos . Private messaging , called Instagram Direct , was launched with basic photo-sharing functionality in December 2013 , and has gradually received major updates incorporating more features . Updates include easier private sharing from the news feed , threaded conversations , sharing locations and hashtag pages , increased support for text and emoji , and the ability to make photos `` disappear '' after being viewed by the recipient . In August 2016 , Instagram introduced a `` Stories '' feature , letting users add photos to a story , with the content disappearing after 24 hours . Instagram added live-video functionality to Stories in November 2016 , augmented reality stickers in April 2017 , and face filters in May 2017 .   After its launch in 2010 , Instagram rapidly gained popularity , with one million registered users in two months , 10 million in a year , and ultimately 700 million as of April 2017 . Its users have uploaded over 40 billion photos to the service as of October 2015 . , the Instagram Stories functionality has over 200 million active users , while Instagram Direct has 375 million active users . Instagram was acquired by Facebook in April 2012 for approximately US$ 1 billion in cash and stock . The popularity of Instagram has sparked an engaging community , including dedicated `` trends '' , in which users post specific types of photos on specific days of the week with a hashtag representing a common theme . Instagram has received positive reviews for its iOS app , and it has been named `` one of the most influential social networks in the world '' . However , the company has been the subject of criticism on several issues , most notably incidents of drug sales on the platform , allegations of censorship towards women , and a May 2017 survey in the United Kingdom concluding that the service was bad for young mental health .
Besides singing Madonna has the ability to play several musical instruments. She learned to play drum and guitar from her then-boyfriend Dan Gilroy in the late 1970s before joining the Breakfast Club line-up as the drummer. This helped her to form the band Emmy, where she performed as the guitarist and lead vocalist. Madonna later played guitar on her demo recordings. On the liner notes of Pre-Madonna, Stephen Bray wrote: "I've always thought she passed up a brilliant career as a rhythm guitarist." After her career breakthrough, Madonna focused mainly in singing but was also credited for playing cowbell on Madonna (1983) and synthesizer on Like a Prayer (1989). In 1999, Madonna had studied for three months to play the violin for the role as a violin teacher in the film Music of the Heart, before eventually leaving the project. After two decades, Madonna decided to perform with guitar again during the promotion of Music (2000). She took further lessons from guitarist Monte Pittman to improve her guitar skill. Since then Madonna has played guitar on every tour, as well as her studio albums. At the 2002 Orville H. Gibson Guitar Awards, she received nomination for Les Paul Horizon Award, which honors the most promising up-and-coming guitarist.
Hallow Hallow From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Hallows" redirects here. For the surname, see Hallows (surname). For the Worcestershire village, see Hallow, Worcestershire. Look up hallow in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. To hallow is "to make holy or sacred, to sanctify or consecrate, to venerate". [1] The adjective form hallowed, as used in The Lord's Prayer, means holy, consecrated, sacred, or revered. [2] The noun form hallow, as used in Hallowtide, is a synonym of the word saint. [3] [4] [5]Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology2 In current usage3 In legend4 In literature5 See also6 References Etymology [ edit]Further information: Weoh The noun is from the Old English adjective hālig, nominalised as se hālga "the holy man". The Gothic word for "holy" is either hailags or weihaba, weihs. "To hold as holy" or "to become holy" is weihnan, "to make holy, to sanctify" is weihan. Holiness or sanctification is weihiþa. Old English, like Gothic, had a second term of similar meaning, wēoh "holy", with a substantive wīh or wīg, Old High German wīh or wīhi ( Middle High German wîhe, Modern German Weihe ). The Nordendorf fibula has wigiþonar, interpreted as wīgi-þonar "holy Donar " or "sacred to Donar". Old Norse vé is a type of shrine. The weihs group is cognate to Latin victima, an animal dedicated to the gods and destined to be sacrificed. In current usage [ edit]Hallow, as a noun, is a synonym of the word saint. [3] [4] In modern English usage, the noun "hallow" appears mostly in the compound Hallowtide, a liturgical season which includes the days of Halloween and Hallowmas. [5] Halloween (or Hallowe'en) is a shortened form of "All Hallow Even," meaning "All Hallows' Eve" or "All Saints' Eve." [6] Hallowmas, the day after Halloween, is shortened from "Hallows' Mass ," and is also known as " All Hallows ' Day" or " All Saints' Day ." [7]In legend [ edit]Some important and powerful objects in legends could be referred to as "hallows" because of their function and symbolism. [8] The Tuatha de Danaan in Ireland possessed the Four Treasures of Ireland which could be interpreted as "hallows": the Spear of Lugh, Stone of Fal, the Sword of Light of Nuada, and The Dagda 's Cauldron. In the modern period, some neo-pagans believe that the four suits in the Rider-Waite Tarot cards deck (swords, wands, pentacles and cups), which are also a representation of the four classical elements of air, fire, earth and water, are also hallows. Coronation ceremonies for monarchs still invokes four ritual objects, now represented as the sceptre, sword, ampulla of oil, and crown. Similar objects also appear in Arthurian legends, where the Fisher King is the guardian of four "hallows" representing the four elements: a dish (earth), Arthur's sword Excalibur (air), the Holy Lance or spear, baton, or a magic wand (fire), and the Holy Grail (water). [9]In literature [ edit]Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the seventh and final book in J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series. The Deathly Hallows refer to three legendary magical objects (supposedly obtained from Death himself) mentioned in a fairy tale: the Elder Wand, which possessed the ability to conquer all others in battle, the Resurrection Stone, which could summon the souls of the deceased, and the Cloak of Invisibility, which could conceal the wearer from most forms of detection and shield them from various magic spells. [10] Together the objects were said to make their owner a "Master of Death". [HP7]The Thirteen Hallows by Michael Scott deals with the Thirteen Hallows of Britain. Dead Beat (The Dresden Files) introduces the Darkhallow, a necromantic Rite of Ascension, giving the one at the center of the spell the powers of a god. See also [ edit]Hearg Numen Numinous Sacrifice Vili and VéReferences [ edit]^ "Dictionary.com". Lexico Publishing Group, LLC. 15 January 2007. Retrieved 23 January 2007.^ Webster's Collegiate Dictionary entry for hallowed^ a b Wilson, Douglas; Fischer, Ty (30 June 2005). Omnibus II: Church Fathers Through the Reformation. Veritas Press. p. 101. ISBN 97819
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
St. Patrick's Street, the main street of the city which was remodelled in the mid-2000s, is known for the architecture of the buildings along its pedestrian-friendly route and is the main shopping thoroughfare. The reason for its curved shape is that it originally was a channel of the River Lee that was built over on arches. The General Post Office, with its limestone façade, is on Oliver Plunkett Street, on the site of the Theatre Royal which was built in 1760 and burned down in 1840. The English circus proprietor Pablo Fanque rebuilt an amphitheatre on the spot in 1850, which was subsequently transformed into a theatre and then into the present General Post Office in 1877.  The Grand Parade is a tree-lined avenue, home to offices, shops and financial institutions. The old financial centre is the South Mall, with several banks whose interior derive from the 19th century, such as the Allied Irish Bank's which was once an exchange.
The lengths of the aqueducts were not coated with lead. The length of an aqueduct would be nearly entirely stone and concrete. Lead would only really be used in piping, mostly to domestic houses from larger holding tanks in the city proper. The substitute that the Roman's could have used, and did use, are terracotta pipes.   Lead poisoning in the Roman's water supply is greatly exaggerated, as the lead pipes would quickly be coated with calcium / lime deposited, and the fresh water flowing through them wouldn't ever come in contact with the lead. (If anybody has ever walked across the top of the Pont du Garde can attest, it is really incredible the amount of calcium / lime that can accumulate on the channel walls of an aqueduct.)
What are the limits for disposable cards?
They usually become too ill or too weak to fly, so they tend to land somewhere safe to sleep a never ending dream as all living things must eventually do. There's also a lot of fatalities due to predators though.
- Richardson, TX 75081. Located in the epicenter of north Dallas' high technology corridor, 900 Quality Way sits in the middle of Digital Realty's 69-acre data campus known as Digital Dallas. The building has approximately 83,000 square feet on the first floor and almost 29,000 square feet on a second floor mezzanine.
DISTRICT HUMAN RESOURCES DISTRICT HUMAN RESOURCESDIRECTOR :: Thomas Tomberlin The Department of District Human Resources provides consultative services to the 115 local school districts in North Carolina. The consultative services include advice and guidance regarding the State Board of Education policies governing benefits and employment for the local school district employees. The Department of District Human Resources also handles the integration of EVAAS, the State's student growth model, into the NC Educator Effectiveness System. The Department of District Human Resources can also assist districts with developing a comprehensive talent management system that includes: equitable distribution of effective teachers in the district, recruiting and retention strategies, and data analysis. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION2017 School Accountability Rankings ( pdf, 1.0mb )RFPs Released September 15th Teacher Compensation Models RFP ( pdf, 480kb)Cabarrus County ( pdf, 768kb)Chapel Hill-Carrboro City APPROVED ( pdf, 6.9mb)Charlotte Mecklenburg APPROVED ( pdf, 13.0mb)Cumberland County ( pdf, 891kb)Durham County ( pdf, 838kb)Edgecombe County APPROVED ( pdf, 13.1mb)Franklin County ( pdf, 2.5mb)Pitt County APPROVED ( pdf, 3.7mb)Vance County APPROVED ( pdf, 1.5mb)Washington APPROVED ( pdf, 981kb)Wilson County ( pdf, 970kb)Winston Salem, Forsyth County ( pdf, 1.9mb)Local Alternative Teacher Preparation Program (LATP) RFP ( pdf, 704kb)Local Alternative Teacher Preparation Program Questions/Answers Affordable Care Act Reference Guide State Health Plan for Teachers and State Employees North Carolina Public Schools Benefits and Employment Policy Manual ( pdf, 1.5mb)North Carolina School District Directory ( pdf, 2.3mb)Human Resource Administrators Newsletter Licensure North Carolina Retirement System Recruitment and Retention Contacts for Employment (LEA List)Online Job Application System No Child Left Behind Personnel Administrators of North Carolina (PANC) PANC is an organization comprised of LEA central office personnel administrators. The primary focus of this organization is to provide staff development, training, and support for school personnel officers in all areas related to human resource functions. 
Alexander Skarsgård teams combined forces and continued. Alongside Prince Harry, West and several wounded soldiers, he successfully made it to the South Pole on 13 December 2013. Skarsgård self-identifies as a feminist. Alexander Skarsgård Alexander Johan Hjalmar Skarsgård (; born 25 August 1976) is a Swedish actor. He is best known for his roles as vampire Eric Northman on the HBO series "True Blood", Meekus in "Zoolander", the title character in "The Legend of Tarzan", Brad Colbert in the HBO miniseries "Generation Kill", and Perry Wright in the HBO series "Big Little Lies", for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award for
This comment is not toxic.
More surface area can be achieved by making the blades longer. Each blade disturbs the air for the following blade, so getting more surface area through more blades isn't as effective as building your 3-blade larger. The rotational velocity at the tip of the blade is much faster, and efficiency eventually dips when the tips are going faster than the wind can push them. The turbines you see are balancing the surface area/ tip speed to be the most efficient. Not to mention that the balsa or carbon fiber are quite expensive.
[This](_URL_0_) is what a key in a lock looks like. Notice that each pin has a break in it, and when the breaks are lined up, the lock can rotate. With a master lock, each of the pins have two breaks, one set corresponding to the master key, which is the same for all locks, and the other corresponding to an individual key.
I am over 60 and here's the secret of aging.... You are exactly the same person you were at 20, same thoughts, interests, feelings but your body has fucked you over. Look at an old man or lady and realize that they are as young mentally as you are, they just are wasting away. Talk to one and you'll see.
Top 30 Doctor insights on: Pinched Nerve Big Toe Top 30 Doctor insights on: Pinched Nerve Big Toe Share Follow @Health Tap </> Embed Dr. Arnold Beresh1 Sharp sudden pain in big toe only lasts a few seconds then goes away happens periodically throughout the day? See below: Could be done to irritation of the nerve from the shoe rubbing on it. Could be bursitis . If continues see a podiatrist. ... Read more Dr. Herman Hammerstead Nerve (Definition)The brain and spinal cord communicates with what is occurring in the internal organs and limbs by nerve fibers where are like electrical wires with insulation (myelin) and the "copper" (axon). Within brain and spinal cord these nerves connect to other nerves via synapses on both axons and dendrites. A nerve can carry information regarding sensations, and ... Read more Dr. Ilene Ruhoy Neurology14 years in practice Get help from a real doctor now Continue Dr. Atif Haque3 doctors agreed:2 Injury of the big toe, pinched nerve? Possibly: Irritation to the L5 nerve root can cause radiating pain to the big toe. However, trauma to the toe sounds like it is more likely in your case. ... Read more Dr. Ronald Oberman3 I have a pulling sensation on the top of my foot by my big toe I feel it when I rub against it or flex my big toe, could it be a pinched nerve? Could be: Could also be tendonitis or bursitis. If persistant, see podiatrist. ... Read more Dr. Howard Feinberg4 I have this slight numbness on the upper part of my left big toe. This started after I had a dance. Is it possible that this is due to nerve compression? Yes: This could be due to repetitive trauma, a pinched nerve, poor fitting shoes at the dance. Many diseases can start this way but the most likely cause are the shoes you wore to the dance ... Read more Dr. Bert Liang5 Can u get pain in ball of foot and toes from a pinched nerve in back. Mri of fooot normal. Neurologist tells me pain from back. Hard to believe. Neurologist...: Is right. Sounds like further diagnostic and treatment planning is needed. ... Read more Dr. Hubert Lee Podiatry4 years in practice Get help from a specialist now Continue Dr. Scott Keith6 I'm told sore foot and toes are from pinched nerve in back. Should l get second opinion from podiatrist. Would podiastrist be able to help problems? Evaluation. : There is a host of conditions that can be responsible for both sore toes and sore feet. A pinched nerve would not be at the top of the list, but it is certainly a consideration. A more complete history and assessment are needed to isolate the true problem. If the symptoms are indeed due to a back problem, most ... Read more Dr. John Goldman1 doctor agreed:7 I have a pinched nerve in back and sore foot and toes. Will physio help with pain in foot? Aslo would a massage of foot be recommended? It may help: It's depends on what nerve is pinched and where the pain is in the foot and the toes. This may all fit but you need an evaluation to clarify these differences ... Read more Dr. Al Hegab8 Toes started to go numb 2 weeks after steroid injections in lower back? Year later my foot is very sore to stand on. Pinched nerve in back. Possibly : Given the history and symptoms, a pinched nerve can be the cause, your doctor may refer you to a neurologist fir further management, but you need to act on it, best wishes ... Read more Dr. Edward Hellman9 Pain in ball of foot and 3 toes, toes also burn and turn red when standing too long. MRI normal, EMG shows pain is from pinched nerve. Sound correct? Tarsal tunnel synd. : There are several possibilities, it sounds like you could be describing tarsal tunnel syndrome, which is a pinching of a nerve in the medial aspect of the ankle. I would not hesitate to be seen for it as there are good treatment options available. ... Read more Dr. Lauren Elson1 doctor agreed:10 Can a pinched nerve on foot heal? Relieve the pinch! : See a physiatrist to determine exactly what nerve is being pinched, and where/why it is being pinched. Without altering mechanics or the problem, it is unlikely to get better. Most cases are manageable with p
"Cruel and unusual punishment" If you (you = person, group, or political organization) can convince a majority of one of 1) the judges of a Circuit Court (the courts directly below the Supreme Court), 2) The justices on the Supreme Court, 3) the voters in an area, or 4) The legislators in an area (there's probably more options too) that a given punishment qualifies as "Cruel and unusual"; it can't happen. And at some point along the way, firing squad got listed as "Cruel and Unusual"; though Utah is one state that is talking about bringing it back.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Graham County Department of Public Health Home Environmental Health Septic Systems Wells Food & Lodging Lodging Swimming Pools and Tatto Parlors Other Services Water Sampling Dental Flu Facts Administration Graham County Department of Public Health Other Services and Information Rabies Pests Air Quality Mesothelioma Mold Rabies Rabies is a viral zoonotic disease, which means it is a disease that is transmitted from animals to humans, as well as being transmitted from animal to animal. Rabies virus is maintained in reservoir populations of animals. In the United States these reservoir animals are wild carnivores ( ie raccoons in the east, skunks in the midwest) and insectivorous bats. In other parts of the world the domestic dog serves as a reservoir animal. In those countries exposure to rabid dogs is the primary means by which people contract and die from rabies. Fortunately pet vaccination laws in the U. S. protect us and our pets from rabies. All mammals, including humans, are susceptible to rabies virus infection. Once an animal is exposed and becomes ill, the disease is fatal. Prior to the death of the animal, infectious rabies virus is shed in the saliva of the sick animal. When the infectious animal fights with or bites another animal, the virus is transmitted and the bitten animal may develop rabies. In this way rabies can be maintained in a population of animals. In NC this cycle typically involves raccoons; however raccoons can and do fight with other animals and cause them to become rabid. It is for this reason that you hear about rabid foxes, skunks, coyotes, groundhogs and other animals on the news. This is also the reason why there are rabid dogs and cats reported every year in NC. Keeping dogs and cats currently vaccinated against rabies will protect them from the disease, and protect the people around them. The circumstances constituting an emergency situation for human exposure to suspected rabies must satisfy one of the following criteria:1. Unprovoked bite from a wild animal, such as a raccoon, fox, skunk, bobcat, etc. 2. Unprovoked bite from an unvaccinated dog or cat. 3. Bite (provoked or not) resulting in skin breakage on either the head or neck. 4. Bites from bats. 5. Bat (s) found in a domicile where people were asleep. Any dog or cat (regardless of rabies vaccination status) that bites a person must be confined and observed for a 10-day period of time per NC Statute 130A-196. The local health director designates the location and conditions of the 10-day confinement. At home confinement is NOT guaranteed but may be allowed at the discretion of the local health director. If the dog/cat does die or develop clinical symptoms suggestive of rabies during the 10-day confinement period submit the head for rabies diagnostic testing. If the dog or cat does not die or develop clinical signs suggestive ofrabies during the 10-day confinement period then it can be concluded that the dog/cat was not shedding rabies virusin its saliva at the time of the bite. Rabies PEP would not be warranted for the bite victim. General Information North Carolina Manual for Rabies Prevention and Animal Bite Management North Carolina Animal Rabies Association Rabies Bite Report Form Pests A vector is any organism that can transmit disease-causing agents, such as a virus or bacterium. Control of the vector can prevent and control some diseases. However, in order to control vectors, detailed knowledge must be acquired about their life cycle, preferred hosts and transmission cycles as well as surveillance of populations and habitats. Most vector-borne diseases in the U. S. are animal diseases that are sometimes spread to humans. Often the disease in humans is worse than in the animals. Different vectors may spread the disease from animal to animal or from animal to humans. In the United States, mosquitoes, flies, fleas and ticks are vectors of disease. By monitoring populations of these organisms as well as the incidence of human illness, Public Health Pest Management plays a vital role in keeping North Carolinians healthy. Mosquit
Overall I think your idea is sound. The key here is to  choose that 401k provider wisely and have a specific asset allocation plan (like Joe mentioned) Summary of this approach: Pluses:  Minuses: I'd consider Vanguard for simple, no frills investing. If you're looking to get into choosing stocks, check out the Motley Fool.
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
Agriculture in Mesoamerica agricultural diet and along with maize, are often referred to as the "Three Sisters." Richard S. MacNeish completed an extensive archaeological survey of Mesoamerica, during which he found the maize cobs in caves in Tehuacan, Puebla. It was originally suspected that these cobs date back to circa 5000 BC, however after radiocarbon dating it was determined that these finds date to 3500 BC. The earliest dated maize cob was discovered in Guilá Naquitz cave in Oaxaca and dates back to 4300 BC. Maize arrived at this point through the catastrophic sexual transmutation of Teosinte, the ancestor of maize. It became
How to Test Alternator Voltage Output (AutoUpkeep.com) How to Test Alternator Voltage Output (Auto Upkeep.com)Auto Upkeep Subscribe 672Add to Share More678,749 views787106Published on Mar 2, 2009After watching this video, you will be able to safety test alternator voltage output. This test can be completed using a basic multimeter (~$25). Multimeters are also known as VOMs (Volt-Ohm-Meters) or DMMs (Digital Multimeters). The surface voltage of a fully charged battery when a vehicle is not running should be between 12.5 to 12.8 volts. Most automotive batteries are lead acid 12-volt DC (Direct Current). Each of the six cells in a 12-volt DC battery produces 2 to 2.1 volts. When the engine is running, the alternator will typically put out between 13.8 to 14.8 volts. Cautions: Park the vehicle outside or connect the vehicle's exhaust to an evacuation system. Carbon monoxide is deadly. For more car care information, visit Auto Upkeep.com. Show more Loading... 
XFL From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the defunct American football league. For its planned revival in 2020, see XFL (2020). XFLSport American football Founded 1999Inaugural season 2001Ceased 2001Owner (s) WWF (50%) [1]NBC (50%)No. of teams 8Country United States Last champion (s) Los Angeles Xtreme (2001)The XFL was a professional American football league that played its only season in 2001. As originally conceived, the XFL was operated as a joint venture between the World Wrestling Federation (now known as WWE) and NBC. The XFL was conceived as an outdoor football league that would take place during the NFL off-season, and promoted as having fewer rules and encouraging rougher play than other major leagues. The league had eight teams in two divisions, including major markets and those not directly served by the NFL, such as Birmingham, Las Vegas, Memphis, and Orlando. The XFL operated as a single entity (unlike most other professional sports leagues, which operate under the franchise model), with all teams centrally owned by the league. Co-owner NBC served as the main broadcaster of XFL games, along with UPN and TNN. The presentation of XFL games featured sports entertainment elements inspired by professional wrestling, including heat and kayfabe, suggestively-dressed cheerleaders, and occasional usage of WWF personalities (such as Jesse Ventura, Jim Ross, and Jerry Lawler) as part of on-air commentary crews alongside sportscasters and veteran football players. The telecasts also featured extensive usage of aerial skycams and on-player microphones to provide additional perspectives of the games. The first night of play brought higher television viewership than NBC had projected, but ratings quickly nosedived. The league garnered a negative reputation due to its connections to professional wrestling and the WWF, the overall quality of play, and a presentation that differed starkly from major network professional and college football telecasts of the era (however, some elements of their game presentations would make their way onto college and pro football telecasts in the future). Lorne Michaels, executive producer of NBC's long-running Saturday Night Live, was also critical of the XFL when a game going into double overtime caused the show to be delayed until after midnight on the east coast. NBC and the WWF both lost $35 million on their $100 million investment in the league's inaugural season. Although committing to broadcast two seasons, NBC pulled out of its broadcast contract for the XFL after the inaugural season, citing the poor viewership. While WWF owner Vince Mc Mahon initially stated that the XFL would continue without NBC, and proposed the addition of expansion teams, unfavorable demands of the league by UPN hastened the XFL's demise, and the league ceased operations entirely in May 2001 a month after the championship game. The Los Angeles Xtreme were the XFL's first and only champions. [2] [3] Mc Mahon conceded that the league was a "colossal failure". [4]Mc Mahon maintained control of the XFL brand after the league ceased operations, and on January 25, 2018, he announced the return of the XFL with a target relaunch date of 2020. The revival will be owned by Mc Mahon's Alpha Entertainment, a company separate from WWE. Contents [ hide ]1 Founding2 Draft3 Teams4 2001 season4.1 On the field4.2 Off the field4.3 2001 standings4.4 Awards4.5 Statistical leaders4.6 Statistics5 XFL rule changes5.1 Grass stadiums5.2 Opening scramble5.3 No PAT (point after touchdown) kicks5.4 Overtime5.5 Bump and run5.6 Forward motion5.7 Punting rules5.8 Play clock5.9 Roster and salaries6 Broadcast overview6.1 Skycam and Bubba Cam6.2 Broadcast schedule6.3 Broadcast teams7 Critical reception8 End of season and failure9 Legacy10 Notable players10.1 Played in the CFL10.2 Won a Grey Cup10.3 Played in the NFL10.4 Played in the Super Bowl10.5 Won a Super Bowl10.6 Won both an XFL Championship and Super Bowl10.7 Won an XFL Championship, Grey Cup, and Super Bowl10.8 Played in the AFL10.9 Wrestled for W
- 1 The median age of currently serving Senators is 7009195864480000000♠ 62 years, 24 days. 2  The median age of taking office for currently serving Senators is 51 years, 75 days. 3  The median length of their Senate terms to date is 7008214228800000000♠ 6 years, 288 days.
How to Bake a Frozen Pie Crust Premade pie crusts help make baking much faster and easier. Frozen crusts can be stored in the freezer for up to two months, so baking a pie is a matter of defrosting, filling and cooking. Depending on what you're baking, you can fully or partially prebake the crust or simply fill and bake.credit: Stockbyte/Stockbyte/Getty Images Baking with a frozen pie crust can reduce the amount of time you spend in the kitchen. Partially Cooked Crusts For pies and dishes that include wet ingredients, such as pumpkin pie or quiche, allow the frozen crust to sit at room temperature for about 15 minutes, and then prebake it. Also called blind baking, this step ensures that the bottom crust will be flaky rather than mushy. Prick the dough with a fork to reduce bubbling, and line the inside of the crust with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Place pie weights or dry beans on top of the liner, and bake at 375 degrees Fahrenheit for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the weights and liner, and bake for an additional 5 minutes. Add the filling, and then bake the pie according to the recipe. Cover the crust edges with a foil ring to prevent burning during baking. Fully Cooked Crusts If your pie doesn't need to be baked, for example, chocolate pudding or fresh strawberry pie, defrost the frozen crust for about 15 minutes before pricking the bottom with a fork. Line it with parchment paper or aluminum foil, and add pie weights or dry beans. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, and remove the weights and liner. Return the crust to the oven and cook it another 7 to 10 minutes, or until the edges are golden brown and the bottom begins to brown. Cool the crust completely and fill with your chosen filling. Baking a Frozen Crust With Filling Some pies and dishes are not as wet, such as crumb-topped apple or pot pies. For these, allow the frozen crust to defrost for about 15 minutes and prick the bottom with a fork to prevent bubbling. Fill with your desired filling and bake according to your recipe. Two-Crust Pies For pies with both a top and a bottom crust, such as deep dish apple or cherry pie, allow the frozen crust to defrost for about 15 minutes. Prick the bottom crust with a fork, and moisten the edge with water. Add the filling and top the pie with the second crust, pinching the edges of the top and bottom crusts together with your fingers. Bake according to your recipe. 
This Amazon customer review text does not contain any counterfactual statements.
Establishing and Keeping Alpha Position Establishing and Keeping Alpha Position Letting your dog know you are the boss (Top Dog)Below is a list of rules every dog owner should follow to ensure your dog knows his place in your human pack. If your dog guards his food or growls at humans in the family, and especially if you own a wolf hybrid, these rules should be strictly followed. Dogs need to have a clear place in their pack. A dog lacking in this clear order is an unhappy dog. Sometimes a dog might not be showing signs of aggression, however the dog is suddenly showing signs of separation anxiety, such as destructive behaviors when you leave the house. A dog that steals food from human hands has no respect for the human, and therefore does not see the human as pack leader. A dog that questions his place in the household pack can sometimes cause him to suddenly display destructive behaviors, as the dog is confused and taking his anxiety out on your house. A dog that knows his place in his human pack is a happy dog. A dog that does not is a confused dog and can exhibit many unwanted behaviors because of it. The number one way to communicate to a dog that you are his pack leader is to take him for a walk. Not the type of walk most humans take their dogs on but a pack walk, where the dog is made to heel beside or behind the human who is holding the lead. This is most important for all dogs, as in a dog's mind, the leader always leads the way. A dog must not be allowed to sniff or eliminate anywhere he wishes, but where you allow him. One marking against a tree is enough for male dogs. The dog should be concentrating on following the human, not worrying about leading the way. This pack-type walk should be done daily. Not only will this release built-up energy, but it will satisfy the dog's instinct to migrate which all dogs possess. Dogs that have excess energy bottled up inside them and that do not have their migration instinct met will develop various instability issues that most people mistake for being breed traits. All humans must eat before the dogs, as the leader always eats first. When you give your dog its food eat a small snack first while he is watching, lay the snack near the dog’s food so that he thinks you are eating out of his bowl (the leader always eats first). No table scraps should be fed to the dogs during a meal. Feedings must be at a scheduled time. (No self-feeding dog food dispensers should be used, as this allows the dog to choose when he eats. )Humans must not let the dog go through any doorways first. Or up or down any stairways first. Dogs must always go through the doorways and up and down stairs after the humans, as the leader of the pack always goes first. If the dog does not stay behind the humans, the dog must be told to "stay" and given the command to "come" after all humans have passed through. (Read Training to find out the necessary basic commands all dogs should know. These commands are vital in the communication between you and your dog and should always be taught. )When you leave the house or the room, even for a minute, ignore the dog for a few minutes upon your return. A simple obedience command such as “sit” should be given before any pleasurable interaction with the dog (i.e., play session, petting, feeding, a walk, etc.). The children should give the dog commands at least once a day and reward with a treat when the command is followed. A simple “sit” will do. No treat should be awarded if the dog does not follow the command. Show your dog he does not get anything for free. His food, water, treats, even praise/love have to be earned by doing something. Even something as little as sit, come, or making him wait for the treat while you hold it in front of him. Make sure the dog takes the treat from your hands gently. Do not tolerate a mouthy dog. You should not lie on the floor to watch TV when the dog is around and no one should roll around the floor playing with the dog, as a human should never put himself in an equal or lesser height position than the dog. You are the one who greet
Just to clarify your question a bit, can you tell me which kingdoms in particular you want to know about? And what do you mean by their transition to 'feudal' kingdoms? The term 'feudal' itself is flawed and it is worth checking out [these](_URL_0_) [threads](_URL_1_) for an explanation. They use later examples, but the principle applies here too. There was no monolithic form of government that was universal in Europe, as each post-Roman kingdom had its own history and reasons to adopt forms of rule that are sometimes described as 'feudalism'. Moreover, what is commonly known as 'feudalism' only took hold in the tenth/eleventh century, so are you looking for a political history of Western Europe for this period? Or just more specifically a history of how society functioned? I can help with aspects of this question, up to the seventh century, but such a broad question would be beyond my area of expertise!  Let me know how I can help :)
The Beatles' rooftop concert The Beatles' rooftop concert The Beatles' rooftop concert was the final public performance of the English rock band the Beatles. On 30 January 1969, the band, with keyboardist Billy Preston, surprised a central London office and fashion district with an impromptu concert from the roof of the headquarters of the band's multimedia corporation Apple Corps at 3 Savile Row. In a 42-minute set, the Beatles played nine takes of five songs before the Metropolitan Police asked them to reduce the volume. Footage from the performance was used in the 1970 documentary film "Let It Be". Although the concert was unannounced,
evidence evidence Also found in: Thesaurus, Medical, Legal, Financial, Acronyms, Idioms, Encyclopedia, Wikipedia. Related to evidence: circumstantial evidenceev·i·dence (ĕv′ĭ-dəns)n.1.a. A thing or set of things helpful in forming a conclusion or judgment: The brokenwindow was evidence that a burglary had taken place. Scientists weighed the evidencefor and against the hypothesis.b. Something indicative; an indication or set of indications: saw no evidence of grief on the mourner's face.2. Lawa. The means by which an allegation may be proven, such as oral testimony,documents, or physical objects.b. The set of legal rules determining what testimony, documents, and objects may be admitted as proof in a trial.tr.v. ev·i·denced, ev·i·denc·ing, ev·i·denc·es To indicate clearly; exemplify or prove: Her curiosity is evidenced by the number of booksshe owns. Idiom:in evidence1. Plainly visible; to be seen: It was early, and few pedestrians were in evidence on the citystreets.2. Law As legal evidence: submitted the photograph in evidence. [Middle English, from Old French, from Late Latin ēvidentia, from Latin ēvidēns, ēvident-, obvious; see evident . ]American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fifth Edition. Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.evidence ( ˈɛvɪdəns) n1. ground for belief or disbelief; data on which to base proof or to establish truth or falsehood2. a mark or sign that makes evident; indication: his pallor was evidence of ill health.3. (Law) law matter produced before a court of law in an attempt to prove or disprove a point in issue, such as the statements of witnesses, documents, material objects, etc. See alsocircumstantial evidence, direct evidence4. (Law) turn queen's evidence turn king's evidence turn state's evidence (of an accomplice) to act as witness for the prosecution and testify against those associated withhim or her in crime5. in evidence on display; apparent; conspicuous: her new ring was in evidence.vb ( tr) 6. to make evident; show clearly7. to give proof of or evidence for Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, 12th Edition 2014 © Harper Collins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014ev•i•dence (ˈɛv ɪ dəns)n., v. -denced, -denc•ing. n.1. that which tends to prove or disprove something; ground for belief; proof: The play's long run on Broadway is evidence of its great popularity.2. something that makes evident; an indication or sign: His flushed look was evidence of hisfever.3. data presented to a court or jury to substantiate claims or allegations, including testimony,records, or objects.v.t.4. to make evident or clear; show clearly; manifest: to evidence one's approval.5. to support by evidence. Idioms:in evidence, plainly visible; conspicuous. [1250–1300; Middle English < Middle French < Latin]Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary, © 2010 K Dictionaries Ltd. Copyright 2005, 1997, 1991 by Random House, Inc. All rights reserved.evidence, proof - Evidence—from Latin e-, "out," and videre, "to see"— is information thathelps form a conclusion; proof is factual information that verifies a conclusion. See also related terms for proof. Farlex Trivia Dictionary. © 2012 Farlex, Inc. All rights reserved.evidence Evidence is anything that you see, hear, or read that causes you to believe that something is true or has really happened. We saw evidence everywhere that a real effort was being made to promote tourism. There was no evidence of problems between them. Evidence is an uncountable noun. Don't talk about ' evidences ' or ' an evidence '. However, you cantalk about a piece of evidence. The finding is the latest piece of evidence that vaccines can help prevent cancer. It was one of the strongest pieces of evidence in the Crown's case. Collins COBUILD English Usage © Harper Collins Publishers 1992, 2004, 2011, 2012evidence Past participle: evidenced Gerund: evidencing Imperativeevidenceevidence Collins English Verb Tables © Harpe
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
Key signature flats (on B and E) and so on. Put another way: for key signatures with sharps, the first sharp is placed on F with subsequent sharps on C, G, D, A, E and B; for key signatures with flats, the first flat is placed on B with subsequent flats on E, A, D, G, C and F. There are thus 15 conventional key signatures, with up to seven sharps or flats and including the "empty" signature of C major (A minor). Corollaries: The relative minor is a minor third down from the major, regardless of whether it is a "flat"
- Kent Elrod has created a visual guide to dimensioning 3D objects in AutoCAD’s model space environment. People new to 3D in AutoCAD often have a hard time adding dimensions to the model in model space; the dimensions either end up on the wrong plane or the dimtext is not shown in the right direction.
There would have to be a standardisation of batteries regarding size, power, connections and probably capacity, maybe more stuff too. That's all doable, it just needs to be agreed on by the industry.  The biggest problem would be how to ensure that the batteries you were getting out were still in a good enough condition to be swapped out - they're expensive pieces of kit and swapping out a relatively new one for a really old one that is about to fail and has a tiny remaining capacity would suck!
Central State-owned enterprises have accumulatively donated more than $48.6 million. China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec donated 10 million yuan each to the disaster area.
How to Cook Canned Mackerel Use mackerel in place of other meat in a favorite casserole. Mix mackerel with cream cheese and herbs to make a nice cracker spread, or get fancy with creme fraiche, whipping cream, or other light ingredients to make mackerel pate or mousse. Add mackerel flakes to homemade pizza, or even mix it with canned tuna for a decked out tuna salad sandwich.
Juliet Juliet Juliet Capulet is the female protagonist in William Shakespeare's romantic tragedy "Romeo and Juliet". Juliet is the only daughter of the patriarch of the House of Capulet. She falls in love with Romeo, a member of the House of Montague (with which the Capulets have a blood feud). The story has a long history that precedes Shakespeare himself. One aspect of the story which now seems problematic is Juliet's age. As the story occurs, Juliet is approaching her fourteenth birthday. She was born on "Lammas Eve at night" (1 August), so Juliet's birthday is 31 July (1.3.19). Her birthday
211374046 Routing Number (FIDELITY CO-OPERATIVE BANK) Home FIDELITY CO-OPERATIVE BANK 211374046 Routing Number211374046 Routing Number (FIDELITY CO-OPERATIVE BANK)Transfer Money Up to 8x Cheaper Than Banks with Transfer Wise When you get or send a wire transfer globally with your bank, you might find a poor exchange rate, and pay hidden fees consequently. We recommend using Transfer Wise to find a terrific rate and low, transparent fee each time. Learn more.211374046 is assigned to FIDELITY CO-OPERATIVE BANK, LEOMINSTER, Main Office by American Bankers Association (ABA). FIDELITY CO-OPERATIVE BANK Main Office is located at 9 LEOMINSTER CONNECTOR, LEOMINSTER, MA. In case of any confusion regarding the routing number, one call the bank directly at (978) 870-1464. Fed ACH Routing Number Routing Number 211374046Bank Name FIDELITY CO-OPERATIVE BANKOffice Type Main Office Servicing FRB Number011000015Servicing FRB Number Address600 Atlantic Avenue Boston, Massachusetts, MA, 02210Address 9 LEOMINSTER CONNECTOR, LEOMINSTER, Massachusetts, MA, 01453City LEOMINSTERZipcode 01453-0000Phone (978) 870-1464State Massachusetts (MA)Record Type Code 2 (Send items to customer using new routing number field)Change Date 05-16-16 (MM-DD-YY)Routing Number Format: PPPP QQQQ RPFederal Reserver Routing Symbol QAmerican Bankers Association (ABA) Code of the Financial Institution RChecksum which is used to verify if the routing number is valid or not Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)What is a Routing Number? Routing number is a Nine digit code assigned by American Bankers Association (ABA). It uniquely identifies the financial institution and check-processing center. Routing number is also referred as Bank Routing number, routing transit number (RTN), ABA routing number and swift codes. Routing number is most commonly used for ACH (Automated Clearing House), check deposit and bank wire transfers. It is used to send and receive funds from other financial institutions. It varies based on the region where your account was opened. How can I find my Bank Routing number? Routing number is printed on the lower left corner of your Bank Check Book. At the bottom of the Check you will find 3 groups of numbers. The first group is Routing number, the second group is your bank account number and the final group is your check number.211374046If you don't have your Check Book, you can simply use our Routing Number Lookup facility to find your Bank’s Routing Code. What information is required to receive a Wire Transfer? For Domestic Wire Transfer one needs to provide following information: Beneficiary Name Beneficiary Account number ABA/Routing Number Beneficiary Bank Name and Address For international bank transfers one needs to provide Swift code along with routing number. Some routing numbers are restricted to use. Please check with your financial institution directly to confirm the routing number. 
Kelly Severide Kelly Severide is a fictional character on the NBC drama "Chicago Fire", portrayed by Taylor Kinney. As one of his shift's two lieutenants at Firehouse 51, Severide is the leader of Rescue Squad 3.
By the time we get to Homo Sapiens, yes. Definitely. Way earlier in the evolution of man, like several millions of years, when our distant ancestors first became bipedal, walking on two legs, they were in forests which limited sun exposure. Melanin, skin pigment, showed up only about one to two million years ago when they moved into open spaces. But this is long before humans still. Homo Sapiens, our species, is only about 200,000 years old. So again, by the time we came about all dark skinned.
Sneeze From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other uses, see Sneeze (disambiguation). Sneeze The function of sneezing is to expel mucus containing irritants from the nasal cavity. Biological system Respiratory system Health Beneficial Action Involuntary Stimuli Irritants of the nasal mucosa Light Cold air Snatiation Infection Method Expulsion of air through nose/mouth Outcome Removal of irritant A sneeze, or sternutation, is a semi-autonomous, convulsive expulsion of air from the lungs through the nose and mouth, usually caused by foreign particles irritating the nasal mucosa. A sneeze expels air forcibly from the mouth and nose in an explosive, spasmodic involuntary action resulting chiefly from irritation of the nasal mucous membrane. [1] Sneezing is possibly linked to sudden exposure to bright light, sudden change (fall) in temperature, breeze of cold air, a particularly full stomach, or viral infection, and can lead to the spread of disease. The function of sneezing is to expel mucus containing foreign particles or irritants and cleanse the nasal cavity. During a sneeze, the soft palate and palatine uvula depress while the back of the tongue elevates to partially close the passage to the mouth so that air ejected from the lungs may be expelled through the nose. Because the closing of the mouth is partial, a considerable amount of this air is usually also expelled from the mouth. The force and extent of the expulsion of the air through the nose varies. Sneezing cannot occur during sleep due to REM atonia – a bodily state where motor neurons are not stimulated and reflex signals are not relayed to the brain. Sufficient external stimulants, however, may cause a person to wake from sleep to sneeze, but any sneezing occurring afterwards would take place with a partially awake status at minimum. [2]Contents [ hide ]1 Description2 Effects3 Epidemiology4 Prevention5 History6 Culture6.1 Verbal responses7 Sound8 Animals9 See also10 References11 Further reading12 External links Description [ edit]Sneeze Problems playing this file? See media help. Sneezing typically occurs when foreign particles or sufficient external stimulants pass through the nasal hairs to reach the nasal mucosa. This triggers the release of histamines, which irritate the nerve cells in the nose, resulting in signals being sent to the brain to initiate the sneeze through the trigeminal nerve network. The brain then relates this initial signal, activates the pharyngeal and tracheal muscles and creates a large opening of the nasal and oral cavities, resulting in a powerful release of air and bioparticles. The powerful nature of a sneeze is attributed to its involvement of numerous organs of the upper body – it is a reflexive response involving the face, throat, and chest muscles. Sneezing is also triggered by sinus nerve stimulation caused by nasal congestion and allergies. The neural regions involved in the sneeze reflex are located in the brainstem along the ventromedial part of the spinal trigeminal nucleus and the adjacent pontine-medullary lateral reticular formation. This region appears to control the epipharyngeal, intrinsic laryngeal and respiratory muscles, and the combined activity of these muscles serve as the basis for the generation of a sneeze. [3]The sneeze reflex involves contraction of a number of different muscles and muscle groups throughout the body, typically including the eyelids. The common suggestion that it is impossible to sneeze with one's eyes open is, however, inaccurate. [4] Other than irritating foreign particles, allergies or possible illness, another stimulus is sudden exposure to bright light – a condition known as photic sneeze reflex (PSR). Walking out of a dark building into sunshine may trigger PSR, or the ACHOO (autosomal dominant compulsive helio-ophthalmic outbursts of sneezing) syndrome as it's also called. [5] The tendency to sneeze upon exposure to bright light is an autosomal dominant trait and affects 18-35% of the human population. [6] A rarer trigger, observed in some individuals, is the full
A. O. Whitington Arthur Onslow Whitington (1858 – 14 May 1919), generally known as A. O. Whitington or simply "A.O.", was a businessman and sportsman in South Australia, the highly regarded founding secretary of the revived South Australian Jockey Club, serving from 1888 to 1919.
- The mouth is the beginning of the digestive tract. In fact, digestion starts here as soon as you take the first bite of a meal. Chewing breaks the food into pieces that are more easily digested, while saliva mixes with food to begin the process of breaking it down into a form your body can absorb and use.he mouth is the beginning of the digestive tract. In fact, digestion starts here as soon as you take the first bite of a meal. Chewing breaks the food into pieces that are more easily digested, while saliva mixes with food to begin the process of breaking it down into a form your body can absorb and use.
AGENCY: A human subject is defined as a living individual about whom an investigator conducting research obtains (1) data through intervention or interaction with the individual, or (2) identifiable private information about whom includes a subject’s opinion on a given topic.
To detect the drugs, you need to know the steps to isolate them. These processes are quite robust, but I'll try my best.  Liquid chromatography is pushing a liquid through a mesh tube. Molecules in the liquid are separated by how fast they move through the tube. You can take many many little volumes of the liquid you put through, and the drug should be in a few of them. So a medium sized drug would come out after half the liquid.  You then take the little parts of the liquid with the drug and combine them all, so that any of your drug is in one spot. Tandem MS/MS is tricky to explain, but imagine it's a black box. When you put in a sample, it outputs a 'signature' for every molecule in the sample. It does this with neat lasers and gasses but that's a long explaination. If the 'signature' of the drug you're looking for pops up, then there's drug in the sample.  PS. people who also know how this works, don't kill me I skipped a lot.
Why private method can not be final as well?
How old do you have to be to become a truck driver in the United States? 18? 21? Cars & Transportation Other - Cars & Transportation How old do you have to be to become a truck driver in the United States? 18? 21? I'm interested in becoming a truck driver as a way to earn some money and see the country, at least for a few years while I'm still young (I'm 20) But I can't seem to find the minimum age? 5 stars for the best answer!! !Follow 5 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration (FMCSA)--Dept of Transportation (DOT) http://www.fmcsa.dot.gov/rules-regulatio... Rules ad Regulations: Subpart B—Qualification and disqualification of drivers §391.11 General qualifications of drivers. (a) A person shall not drive a commercial motor vehicle unless he/she is qualified to drive a commercial motor vehicle. Except as provided in §391.63, a motor carrier shall not require or permit a person to drive a commercial motor vehicle unless that person is qualified to drive a commercial motor vehicle. (b) Except as provided in subpart G of this part, a person is qualified to drive a motor vehicle if he/she— (b) (1) Is at least 21 years old; (b) (2) Can read and speak the English language sufficiently to converse with the general public, to understand highway traffic signs and signals in the English language, to respond to official inquiries, and to make entries on reports and records; (b) (3) Can, by reason of experience, training, or both, safely operate the type of commercial motor vehicle he/she drives; (b) (4) Is physically qualified to drive a commercial motor vehicle in accordance with subpart E—Physical Qualifications and Examinations of this part; (b) (5) Has a currently valid commercial motor vehicle operator’s license issued only by one State or jurisdiction. (b) (6) Has prepared and furnished the motor carrier that employs him/her with the list of violations or the certificate as required by §391.27; (b) (7) Is not disqualified to drive a commercial motor vehicle under the rules in §391.15; and (b) (8) Has successfully completed a driver’s road test and has been issued a certificate of driver’s road test in accordance with §391.31, or has presented an operator’s license or a certificate of road test which the motor carrier that employs him/her has accepted as equivalent to a road test in accordance with §391.33.gosam777 · 9 years ago0 0 Comment Asker's rating Gosam gave the right answer for "interstate" trucking, right down to the letter. However, if you drive "intrastate" (only the state you reside), you only have to be 18. The downside, you will be hard pressed to find a company that will give you an opportunity like that. Even at age 21, unless you have a minimum of two year experience it is tough to find a job in trucking, that pays worth a hoot anyway. Jim · 9 years ago0 0 Comment Uh, and you comprehend their purpose is to stay previous their existence-span HOW? i think of that people who come here to artwork, and are working, ought to have the potential to realize this legally. If it have been criminal to return here and artwork, there would not be a concern. For all who ask your self why we've been talking approximately unlawful immigration for some years, even with the undeniable fact that it is in no way enforced -- the reason it is not enforced is the corporate-vendors who money in on unlawful labor are people who convince the goverment to no longer implement the regulations, pleading that they had be placed out of company. to boot, we would possibly no longer have the potential to have sufficient money to eat extra desirable than a pair of circumstances each week have been it no longer for the cheap labor that produces maximum of our foodstuff.? · 2 years ago0 0 Comment Most companies won't hire you unless your 21,good luck finding a job right now. Swift laid off 4800 drivers recently and unless your willing to drive in a team and be out for 6 weeks straight and kiss some butt your not going to find a job. Entry level is even getting harder to find,did you 
Osama bin Laden ran one of the many resistance groups during the Russian invasion of Afghanistan, and the CIA provided a lot of assistance to some resistance groups. Both of these things are known for certain. It's not clear whether or not they assisted bin Laden's group specifically. Both Al-Qaeda and the US deny it, but both Al-Qaeda and the US have very good reasons to want people to believe it didn't happen. It's almost certainly false that he was ever known as "Tim Osman". There's no reason to believe it's the case, and no reason why the CIA would need or want to give him a fake name and let him into the US.
Retiree Services 5) Health Benefits for Surviving Spouse of a Deceased Retiree Honeywell offers a large number of Pension Plans (PP) and Medical Plans (MP) to its Retirees. The Surviving Spouse should contact the Honeywell Retiree Service Center and have a determination made based on the PP/MP held by the Deceased.
Blencathra Blencathra Blencathra, also known as Saddleback, is one of the most northerly hills in the English Lake District. It has six separate fell tops, of which the highest is the Hallsfell Top at 2,848 feet (868 metres). For many years, Ordnance Survey listed Blencathra under the alternative name of Saddleback, which was coined in reference to the shape of the mountain when seen from the east. The guidebook author Alfred Wainwright popularised the use of the older Cumbric name, which is now used almost exclusively. Ordnance Survey currently marks the summit as ‘Saddleback or Blencathra’. It is likely that the
This comment is not toxic.
Site is "Temporarily Unavailable"
DHCP Reservation DHCP Reservation. A DHCP reservation is a permanent IP address assignment. It is a specific IP address within a DHCP scope that is permanently reserved for leased use to a specific DHCP client.Users can configure a DHCP reservation in their DHCP server when they need to reserve a permanent IP address assignment.lient Verification. 1  To verify the client’s IP address, set obtain IP address automatically from TCP/IP properties. 2  Use the ipconfig/all command. 3  Verify that the DHCP server IP address for the partner network connection is the IP address of the DHCP server’s partner network connection.
Germansville, Pennsylvania Germansville, Pennsylvania From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article does not cite any sources. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (January 2013) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Post Office in Germansville Germansville is an exurban unincorporated community in northern Lehigh County approximately 20 miles northwest of Allentown and two miles north of Routes 100 and 309 in Pleasant Corners. It is located on the Jordan Creek in Heidelberg Township and is pronounced with a hard "g." Its zip code is 18053. [1] [ show]Places adjacent to Germansville, Pennsylvania [ show]v t e Municipalities and communities of Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, United States Coordinates: 40°42′05″N 75°42′25″WThis Lehigh County, Pennsylvania state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Categories: Unincorporated communities in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania Pennsylvania geography stubs 
If you travel around on foot or by horse you get a sense of how quickly you travel and the distance you may have covered. Navigation in the wilderness isn't typically achieved via random wanderings, rather people will pick a distant waypoint and make their way to it. By doing this they ensure a straight path is being followed in the large scale. When selecting these waypoints people can estimate distance from their experience and keep track of the total distance covered.
Early Satiety Early Satiety What is early satiety? Early satiety is the inability to eat a full meal or feeling full after only a small amount of food. This is most likely due to gastroparesis, a condition in which the stomach is slow to empty. Symptoms of early satiety Symptoms often associated with early satiety include:an inability to consume a normal-sized meala feeling of being full after eating very little foodnausea and vomiting that occurs when attempting to eat a normal-sized meal Early satiety tests Tests may include:complete blood count and blood differential to check for anemiaendoscopy (EGD) to examine the esophagus and stomach for abnormalitiesstool tests for bleedingx-ray studies of the stomach, esophagus, and small intestine (abdominal x-ray and an upper GI and small bowel series)gastric-emptying studies Causes of early satietyulcers of the stomach, also referred to as peptic ulcersan obstructiona tumor of the abdominal organs, or in the abdomen GERD (often referred to as heartburn) that irritates the lining of the esophagusa problem with the nerves that control the movement of food in the digestive system; this may be the result of surgery Early satiety is the inability to eat a full meal or feeling full after only a small amount of food. Treatment of early satietya diet that is low in fatssmaller portions eaten more frequentlyprokinetic medications, such as Reglan, or Domperidone Any change in eating habits or digestion should be referred to a physician. Call your doctor if:the feeling lasts for days to weeks and does not get betteryou lose weight without tryingyou have dark stoolsyou have nausea and vomiting, abdominal pain, or bloatingyou have fever and chills The doctor will examine you and ask questions such as: When did this symptom begin? How long does each episode last? What foods, if any, make the symptoms worse? What other symptoms do you have (for example, vomiting, excessive gas, abdominal pain, or weight loss) 
Lexus and Infiniti
Yes. This is from a novice, so it will lack any technical details. Deep sleep is a mode that the brain enters into normally, it regulates many bodily functions and is essential to the body. Eg most of our repair systems only function during sleep. Being knocked out is a result of damage. It's a mode that is entered into not by choice or through the bodies normal processes. Being knocked out is a kind of panic mode that is mostly used to prevent further damage, or is a result of massive damage it's self. One releases hormones and triggers normal functions. Its still a functioning brain. The other is a state of non function.
Welcome to the City of Owatonna The City founded in 1854, now a city of just over 25,000 people (25,599 in the 2010 Census) is the heart and the heartbeat of a greater community known as Southern Minnesota......... CODE UPDATES: City Code on this website via American Legal is the 2015 City Code of Ordinances. Supplemental Codificaiton S-2 completed February 2018 includes Ordinance #1574, approved February 5, 2018. To view Ordinances approved after February 5, 2018 and listing of proposed ordinances pending final Council approval, click this Updates . If you have any questions regarding the City's Code, please call Jeanette at 507-774-7341 to confirm recent amendments. Owatonna is known for its quality of life, and your City Government is committed to maintaining that high quality and improving it. The City has received 25 years of Tree City USA Recognition and annually observes Arbor Day on the 4th Friday of April. Information on the City's Forestry Plan can be found on the Public Works webpage. Owatonna........where progress and history entwine Proud to be a Yellow Ribbon Community!---------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------What has happened in the City? Videos of Events: - List of videos taped from various meetings, events and segments of the Owatonna Today Show and Stories of Steele with city staff members or city related topics. Public Access Channels on cable television: If you would like to submit a video for viewing, please contact Mark Blando, Library Director at 507-774-7002. Charter Cable Channel 181Jaguar Cable Channel 900.2017 State of the City Presentation by City Administrator Kris M. Busse & Mayor Thomas A. Kuntz.______________________________________________________________________________Sign Up to Support Highway 14!Completing the four-lane expansion of Highway 14 between Owatonna and Dodge Center is critical to the safety and economic success of our region. Not only does this dangerous stretch of road have a fatality rate nearly double the statewide average, but traffic volumes are expected to more than double by 2030. Owatonna’s population and economy are growing, but employees’ ability to get to work and businesses’ ability to move their products and provide their services are being hampered by this insufficient two-lane road. Four-lane expansion is needed to position Highway 14 for the future. Right now, Mn DOT is developing its 20-year state highway investment plan, which will establish the highway projects that will be funded in the next two decades. We must ensure that Highway 14 is included in plan, or we risk the loss of additional lives and economic opportunity. Please add your voice to the efforts to complete Highway 14! Sign up here to learn about ways you can help get this project done!http://ushighway14.com/sign-up-to-support-highway-14/___________________________ ___________________________________________Strategic Plan: 3-year Plan - 2017-2019 approved by Council on September 20, 2016.______________________________________________________________________Get alerted about emergencies and other important community news by signing up for our Notification System. This notification system enables the Rice and Steele Counties to provide you with critical information quickly in a variety of situations, such as severe weather, unexpected road closures, missing persons, and evacuation of buildings or neighborhoods. You will receive time-sensitive messages wherever you specify, such as your home, cell, or business phone, email, text messages, hearing impaired receiving devices, and more. You pick where, you pick how. (Click here to enroll)Owatonna Partners for Economic Development DATA PRACTICE POLICIES & REQUEST FORMS - Click for info and form Link to bus information: Salary Compliance Notice: Minnesota state law, Chapter 156 of the Session Laws of 2005, requires a city or county with a population of more than 15,000 must annually notify its residents of the positions and base salaries of its three highest-pa
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
- The Dallas/Plano Marriott at Legacy Town Center is lushly landscaped with scenic parks, ponds, upscale shopping and entertainment venues. Overlooking Bishop Park, this Plano hotel is uniquely located in the Shops at Legacy, offering high-end shopping and dining.
America traditionally (and still to this day) has a low population density. This means lots of land and not a lot of people living on the land. Much of the land in America is very fertile and suitable for farming. So, post-discovery of the Americas and with the exception of the very first settlers (Jamestown, for instance), farming the land and acquiring food hasn't really ever been a problem since there is just so much arable land and so few people. Even today the population density of the US isn't all that high (35 people per sq km). What's helped the US even more is that, when compared to the rest of the world, it has been governed quite well and has had a very strong economy since it's foundation.  In terms of food production and famine-avoidance, the US basically has every advantage one could ever want.
. Languages in Scotland More than a thousand years ago, the majority of the Scottish population spoke Gaelic. Today this language is mainly spoken only in the Highlands and Islands. The Gaelic language has become very endangered, although there are still a few elderly people who speak it and a few pop and rock stars even sing in Gaelic. Gaelic enjoys a high cultural status, together with Scottish whisky, bagpipes, clans and kilts, Gaelic is part of the romantic Scottish image. After Gaelic became a little less popular, Scots was the main language of Scotland. Scots was spoken and written for about 400 years in Scotland. When Great Britain came to be established in 1707, Scotland's government moved to London, and Scots lost its political status to English. Scots was being rapidly reduced to a purely spoken one, to the status of an everyday colloquial language, not something one could use in school, or in business. From having been an independent language used by all people on all levels, Scots has descended to the status of being considered a dialect of English, a dialect being used only by ignorant peasants, fishermen, and laborers, not by gentleman. The Anglian language of Scotland developed on its own thereafter. By the late 15th century perceptions of the difference to the language spoken further south arose and English-speaking "Scots" started to call their language "Scottis," Gavin Douglas being the first to use the term in this way. Scots has loan words resulting from contact with Gaelic. These loan words are mainly for geographical and cultural features, such as clan and loch ('lake'). Like any living language, Scots has changed to some extent over the years, though it has arguably remained closer to its Anglo-Saxon roots than English. Many Scots words have become part of English: flit, 'to move home', greed, eerie, cuddle, clan, stob, 'a post'. Tags:culture, languages, gaelic, scots, anglo-saxon 
Carlsbad Village Street Faire Carlsbad Village Street Faire. Sun, May 07, 2017. Sun, May 07, 2017. Add this event to your itinerary. Since 1975, The Village Faire features over 850 unique vendors with a little of everything: arts and crafts, antiques, unique clothing, items from around the world, and more.
- A big mound of dirt. noun. The definition of a mound is a thick quantity or pile of something, or is a raised area of land or other items that protrude from the ground. An elevated pitch of land that a pitcher stands on in baseball when he throws the ball is an example of a pitcher's mound.
Moat From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other uses, see Moat (disambiguation). The moated manor house of Baddesley Clinton in Warwickshire, England A moat is a deep, broad ditch, either dry or filled with water, that is dug and surrounds a castle, fortification, building or town, historically to provide it with a preliminary line of defence. In some places moats evolved into more extensive water defences, including natural or artificial lakes, dams and sluices. In older fortifications, such as hillforts, they are usually referred to simply as ditches, although the function is similar. In later periods, moats or water defences may be largely ornamental. They could also act as sewerage. Contents [ hide ]1 Historical use1.1 Ancient1.2 Medieval1.3 Later western fortification1.4 Africa1.5 Asia1.6 Australia1.7 North America2 Photo gallery3 Modern usage3.1 Architectural usage3.2 Anti-terrorist moats3.3 Safety moats3.4 Border defence moats3.5 Pest control moats4 See also5 References6 External links Historical use [ edit]Ancient [ edit]North view of the fortress of Buhen in Ancient Egypt. Some of the earliest evidence of moats has been uncovered around ancient Egyptian castles. One example is at Buhen, a castle excavated in Nubia. Other evidence of ancient moats is found in the ruins of Babylon, and in reliefs from ancient Egypt, Assyria, and other cultures in the region. [1] [2]Evidence of early moats around settlements has been discovered in many archaeological sites throughout Southeast Asia, including Noen U-Loke, Ban Non Khrua Chut, Ban Makham Thae and Ban Non Wat. The use of the moats could have been either for defensive or agriculture purposes. [3]Medieval [ edit]A medieval moat castle in Steinfurt, Germany Moats were excavated around castles and other fortifications as part of the defensive system as an obstacle immediately outside the walls. In suitable locations they might be filled with water. A moat made access to the walls difficult for siege weapons, such as siege towers and battering rams, which needed to be brought up against a wall to be effective. A water-filled moat made the practice of mining, digging tunnels under the castles in order to effect a collapse of the defences, very difficult as well. Segmented moats have one dry section and one section filled with water. Dry moats cut across the narrow part of a spur or peninsula are called neck ditches. Moats separating different elements of a castle, such as the inner and outer wards are cross ditches. The word adapted in Middle English from the Old French motte "mound, hillock" and was first applied to the central mound on which a castle was erected (see Motte and bailey ), and then came to be applied to the excavated ring, a "dry moat". The shared derivation implies that the two features were closely related and possibly constructed at the same time. [4] The term moat is also applied to natural formations reminiscent of the artificial structure, and to similar modern architectural features. Later western fortification [ edit]The 17th century fortified town of Naarden, Netherlands, showing bastions projecting into the wet moat With the introduction of siege artillery, a new style of fortification emerged in the 16th century using low walls and projecting strong points called bastions, which was known as the trace italienne. The walls were further protected from infantry attack by wet or dry moats, sometimes in elaborate systems. [5] When this style of fortification was superseded by lines of polygonal forts in the mid-19th century, moats continued to be used for close protection. [6]Africa [ edit]The Walls of Benin were a combination of ramparts and moats, called Iya, used as a defense of the capital Benin City in present-day Edo State of Nigeria. It was considered the largest man-made structure lengthwise, second only to the Great Wall of China and the largest earthwork in the world. With more recent work by Patrick Darling, it has been established as the largest man-made structure in the world, larger than Sungbo’s Eredo. It enclosed 6
etching etching. 1. A process in which a special needle is used to draw a design on a metal plate overlaid with wax. The plate is then treated with acid, inked, and finally used to print reproductions of the design.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
This comment is toxic.
Can You Eat Yogurt Past the Expiration Date? Food Food Facts Q: Can You Eat Yogurt Past the Expiration Date? A: Quick Answer Yogurt can be eaten past the expiration date. An unopened container of regular plain yogurt can last two to three weeks past the expiration date. But once opened, the yogurt is only good for one week past the expiration date. Continue Reading Keep Learning How Long Is Yogurt Good for After the Expiration Date? Can You Eat Bread After the Expiration Date? How Many Days Past the Expiration Date Is It Safe to Eat Yogurt? Credit: Photo Alto/Sandro Di Carlo Darsa Photo Alto Agency RF Collections Getty Images Full Answer Different varieties of yogurts stay fresh for varying amounts of time. For example, an unopened drinkable yogurt or yogurt with fruit has a shorter lifespan of seven to ten days. Greek yogurt and reduced fat yogurt are good for one to two weeks past the expiration date. If there is an excessive amount of liquid at the top of the yogurt or a curdling texture near the bottom of the yogurt, the yogurt is spoiling and should be thrown away. Learn more about Food Facts Sources: eatbydate.com Related Questions Q: What Symptoms Can Drinking Spoiled Milk Cause? A: Milk that has gone past its expiration date begins to develop bacteria that are sometimes harmful to the human body, leading to food poisoning if consumed.... Full Answer >Filed Under: Food Facts Q: How Long Can You Keep Cooking Oil After Its Expiration Date? A: Canola oil, blended oil, olive oil and safflower oil can all be used for up to two years past their expiration date when unopened. Sesame oil, vegetable oi... Full Answer >Filed Under: Food Facts Q: Where Can You Find the Expiration Date on Canned Food? A: The expiration date on canned food items is usually printed on the top, bottom or side of the can. Canned foods have a very long shelf when stored properly... Full Answer >Filed Under: Food Facts Q: How Long Does Molasses Last? A: Molasses does not have an official expiration date and there is some question as to whether it ever goes bad. It is sold instead with a "best before" date,... Full Answer >Filed Under: Food Facts You May Also Like Q: How Long Does Food Take to Digest? Q: Are Sunflower Seeds Healthy? Q: What Are the Foods That Are Rich in Calcium? Q: How Is Coconut Butter Made? Q: How Many Pints of Beer Does a Full Keg Hold? Q: What Foods Provide a Lot of Potassium? 
name (neɪm) n. 1. a word or term by which a person or thing is commonly and distinctively known. 2. mere outward appearance or form as opposed to fact (esp in the phrase in name): he was a ruler in name only. 3. a word, title, or phrase descriptive of character, usually abusive or derogatory: to call a person names.
Thyroid-stimulating hormone From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Thyroid-stimulating hormone (also known as thyrotropin, TSH, or hTSH for human TSH) is a pituitary hormone that stimulates the thyroid gland to produce thyroxine (T 4), and then triiodothyronine (T 3) which stimulates the metabolism of almost every tissue in the body.he hypothalamus, in the base of the brain, produces thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH). TRH stimulates the pituitary gland to produce TSH. Somatostatin is also produced by the hypothalamus, and has an opposite effect on the pituitary production of TSH, decreasing or inhibiting its release.
Former Stone Temple Pilots singer Scott Weiland, 48, dies of cardiac arrest on tour bus after 'struggling with crack' Scroll down for video. 1  Former Stone Temple Pilots singer Scott Weiland (right) was found dead on his tour bus Monday night. Above, he is seen at Toronto's Adelaide Hall the night before his death. 2  He shared the last photos of his night out before a performance with his followers on his Instagram.
What languages are spoken in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland? The official language of Britain is English. However, Gaelic and Welsh are also spoken by a minority of people in Scotland and Wales respectively.
Mouth-To-Mouth Resuscitation for CPR - Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation is one of the techniques of CPR – cardiopulmonary resuscitation. It is not same as CPR and you can do it without performing CPR. Mouth to mouth resuscitation is also known as artificial respiration.
Lloyd Russell Lloyd Opal Russell (April 10, 1913 – May 24, 1968) was an American football and baseball player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball in the United States. He served as the head football coach at North Texas State Teachers College, now the University of North Texas, in 1942, tallying a mark of 3–5. Russell was also the head baseball coach at Baylor University from 1940 to 1941 and again from 1958 to 1961, compiling a record of 72–58–1.
- siniestro (feminine singular siniestra, masculine plural siniestros, feminine plural siniestras) 1  left, left-hand (direction) 2  sinister. 3  unhappy. 4  malicious, evil. ( 5 heraldry) sinister, sinistral.
me[26M]how to date with this girl[24F],for real
Baby (Justin Bieber song) Baby (Justin Bieber song) "Baby" is a song by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was released as the lead single from the latter half of Bieber's debut album, "My World 2.0". The track was written by Bieber with Christopher "Tricky" Stewart and Terius "The-Dream" Nash, both of whom worked with Bieber on "One Time", and also by R&B singer Christina Milian and labelmate, rapper Ludacris. It was available for digital download on January 18, 2010. The song received airplay directly after release, officially impacting mainstream and rhythmic radio on January 26, 2010. The song is uptempo R&B, blending together
IPython: How a notebook is changing science - PyCon SE 2015
Deep fascia From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Deep fascia Details Identifiers Latin fascia profunda Anatomical terminology [ edit on Wikidata]Deep fascia (or investing fascia) is a fascia, a layer of dense connective tissue which can surround individual muscles, and also surround groups of muscles to separate into fascial compartments. This fibrous connective tissue interpenetrates and surrounds the muscles, bones, nerves and blood vessels of the body. It provides connection and communication in the form of aponeuroses, ligaments, tendons, retinacula, joint capsules, and septa. The deep fasciae envelop all bone ( periosteum and endosteum ); cartilage ( perichondrium ), and blood vessels ( tunica externa) and become specialized in muscles ( epimysium, perimysium, and endomysium) and nerves ( epineurium, perineurium, and endoneurium ). The high density of collagen fibers is what gives the deep fascia its strength and integrity. The amount of elastin fiber determines how much extensibility and resilience it will have. [1]Examples [ edit]Examples include: Fascia lata Deep fascia of leg Brachial fascia Buck's fascia Fascial dynamics [ edit]Deep fascia is less extensible than superficial fascia. It is essentially avascular, [2] but is richly innervated with sensory receptors that report the presence of pain ( nociceptors ); change in movement ( proprioceptors ); change in pressure and vibration ( mechanoreceptors ); change in the chemical milieu ( chemoreceptors ); and fluctuation in temperature ( thermoreceptors )., [3] Deep fascia is able to respond to sensory input by contracting; by relaxing; or by adding, reducing, or changing its composition through the process of fascial remodeling. [4]Deep fascia can contract. What happens during the fight-or-flight response is an example of rapid fascial contraction. In response to a real or imagined threat to the organism, the body responds with a temporary increase in the stiffness of the fascia. Bolstered with tensioned fascia, people are able to perform extraordinary feats of strength and speed under emergency conditions. [5] How fascia contracts is still not well understood, but appears to involve the activity of myofibroblasts. Myofibroblasts are fascial cells that are created as a response to mechanical stress. In a two step process, fibroblasts differentiate into proto-myofibroblasts that with continued mechanical stress, become differentiated myofibroblasts. [6] Fibroblasts cannot contract, but myofibroblasts are able to contract in a smooth muscle -like manner. [5]The deep fascia can also relax. By monitoring changes in muscular tension, joint position, rate of movement, pressure, and vibration, mechanoreceptors in the deep fascia are capable of initiating relaxation. Deep fascia can relax rapidly in response to sudden muscular overload or rapid movements. Golgi tendon organs operate as a feedback mechanism by causing myofascial relaxation before muscle force becomes so great that tendons might be torn. Pacinian corpuscles sense changes in pressure and vibration to monitor the rate of acceleration of movement. They will initiate a sudden relaxatory response if movement happens too fast. [7] Deep fascia can also relax slowly as some mechanoreceptors respond to changes over longer timescales. Unlike the Golgi tendon organs, Golgi receptors report joint position independent of muscle contraction. This helps the body to know where the bones are at any given moment. Ruffini endings respond to regular stretching and to slow sustained pressure. In addition to initiating fascial relaxation, they contribute to full-body relaxation by inhibiting sympathetic activity which slows down heart rate and respiration. [3] [8]When contraction persists, fascia will respond with the addition of new material. Fibroblasts secrete collagen and other proteins into the extracellular matrix where they bind to existing proteins, making the composition thicker and less extensible. Although this potentiates the tensile strength of the fascia, it can unfortunately restrict the very st
Definitions &Translations Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes) Rate this definition: Pinworm. The pinworm, also known as threadworm or seatworm, is a nematode and a common intestinal parasite, especially in humans. The medical condition associated with pinworm infestation is known as enterobiasis, or less precisely as oxyuriasis in reference to the family Oxyuridae.
Pond Water Changes You will notice a real boost to fish health and growth. Major water change: Simply drain the pond down 60-70% and add dechlorinator. Then refill the pond. Don’t do this in the PEAK of the summer as you might chill your fish. But SURELY in the early summer and late summer you should find the fish VERY appreciative of this service.
Arun M. Kumar Arun M. Kumar (born 25 November 1952) has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at KPMG India since February, 2017. He succeeded Richard Rekhy. Prior to leading KPMG India, Kumar served as Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Global Markets and Director General of the US and Foreign Commercial Service (USFCS) in the administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama.
1980 Philadelphia Phillies season City Royals to win their first-ever World Series Championship. The 1980 Phillies were known as "The Cardiac Kids" because of the many close games. The Phillies won the National League East on the second-to-last day of the season with a 6-4 victory over the Expos in a game played in Montreal on Oct. 4, 1980. Pete Rose, 1B<br> Bake McBride, RF<br> Garry Maddox, CF<br> Mike Schmidt, 3B<br> Greg Luzinski, LF<br> Bob Boone, C<br> Larry Bowa, SS<br> Manny Trillo, 2B<br> Steve Carlton, P "Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; R = Runs; H = Hits;
Would you like me to start with lights or darks? Adorable orphaned wombat Tonka earns his keep by helping his new family do the washing Orphaned wombat Tonka, who was rescued by Sleepy Burrows Wombat Sanctuary, in Gundaroo, 30 kms north of Canberra, was seen pulling out clothes of the washing machine in the home of his carer Donna Stepan. He is seen 'burrowing' into the washing machine, pulling out clothes and inspecting the mysterious hole.
- Early life. Stephen William Hawking was born on January 8, 1942, in Oxford, England. His father, a well-known researcher in tropical medicine, urged his son to seek a career in medicine, but Stephen found biology and medicine were not exact enough. Therefore, he turned to the study of mathematics and physics.
Ruminant The process of rechewing the cud to further break down plant matter and stimulate digestion is called rumination. The word ruminant comes from the Latin ruminare, which means to chew over again. The roughly 150 species of ruminants include both domestic and wild species. Ruminating mammals include cattle, goats, sheep, giraffes, yaks, deer, antelope, and some macropods.
Well the short answer is “poorly”, but here goes nothing.  Modern China sees herself as heir to imperial China’s possessions. They argue that, before the intervention of western imperial powers, China had de facto control over the South China Sea, and many of the powers in it.  When western imperialism asserted itself, it robbed China of its place, breaking off and propping up new nations that had previously been subservient to the Chinese government. American Influence over Taiwan and the Philippines are prime examples.  The argument goes that imperialism is bad (correct), and China is owed what was taken from her by western powers. Because China was itself an imperial power dominating the other nations in the South China Sea, they are in essence arguing for a return to that state of affairs.  This is silly because it takes one bad imperialism and swaps it for another. The countries bordering the sea aren’t dependencies or client states any more, they are independent self-determining nations.
What will trump do when he loses?
Definitions &Translations Princeton's Word Net (5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition:comb (noun)a flat device with narrow pointed teeth on one edge; disentangles or arranges haircomb, cockscomb, coxcomb (noun)the fleshy red crest on the head of the domestic fowl and other gallinaceous birdscomb (noun)any of several tools for straightening fiberscomb (noun)ciliated comb-like swimming plate of a ctenophorecomb, combing (verb)the act of drawing a comb through hair"his hair needed a comb"comb (verb)straighten with a comb"comb your hair"comb, ransack (verb)search thoroughly"They combed the area for the missing child"comb, comb out, disentangle (verb)smoothen and neaten with or as with a comb"comb your hair before dinner"; "comb the wool"Wiktionary (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:comb (Noun)Combination. My old combi boiler broke down.comb (Noun)A toothed implement for grooming the hair.comb (Noun)A machine used in separating choice cotton fibers from worsted cloth fibers.comb (Noun)A fleshy growth on the top of the head of some birds and reptiles; crest.comb (Noun)A structure of hexagon cells made by bees for storing honey; honeycomb.comb (Noun)An old English measure of corn equal to the half quarter.1882, But the comb or half quarter is very general in the Eastern counties, particularly in Norfolk. u E00025935u E001 James Edwin Thorold Rogers, A History of Agriculture and Prices in England, Volume 4, page 207.comb (Noun)The top part of a gunu2019s stock.comb (Noun)the toothed plate at the top and bottom of an escalator that prevents objects getting trapped between the moving stairs and fixed landings.comb (Noun)the main body of a harmonica containing the air chambers and to which the reed plates are attached.comb (Verb)To separate choice cotton fibers from worsted cloth fibers. Webster Dictionary (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Comb (noun)an instrument with teeth, for straightening, cleansing, and adjusting the hair, or for keeping it in place Comb (noun)an instrument for currying hairy animals, or cleansing and smoothing their coats; a currycomb Comb (noun)a toothed instrument used for separating and cleansing wool, flax, hair, etc Comb (noun)the serrated vibratory doffing knife of a carding machine Comb (noun)a former, commonly cone-shaped, used in hat manufacturing for hardening the soft fiber into a bat Comb (noun)a tool with teeth, used for chasing screws on work in a lathe; a chaser Comb (noun)the notched scale of a wire micrometer Comb (noun)the collector of an electrical machine, usually resembling a comb Comb (noun)the naked fleshy crest or caruncle on the upper part of the bill or hood of a cock or other bird. It is usually red Comb (noun)one of a pair of peculiar organs on the base of the abdomen of scorpions Comb (noun)the curling crest of a wave Comb (noun)the waxen framework forming the walls of the cells in which bees store their honey, eggs, etc. ; honeycomb Comb (noun)the thumbpiece of the hammer of a gunlock, by which it may be cocked Comb (verb)to disentangle, cleanse, or adjust, with a comb; to lay smooth and straight with, or as with, a comb; as, to comb hair or wool. See under Combing Comb (noun)to roll over, as the top or crest of a wave; to break with a white foam, as waves Comb (noun)alt. of Combe Comb (noun)a dry measure. See Coomb Origin: [See Comb, n., 5. ]Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Comb A comb is a toothed device used for styling, cleaning and managing hair and scalp. Combs are among the oldest tools found by archaeologists, having been discovered in very refined forms from settlements dating back to 5,000 years ago in Persia. This is to say that the comb has always been among the most important tools of human civilization. Chambers 20th Century Dictionary (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Combkōm, n. a toothed instrument for separating and cleaning hair, wool, flax, &c.: the crest of a cock: the top or crest of a wave or of a hill: an aggregation of cells for honey.— v.t. to separate, arrange, or clean by means of a comb: to dress with a comb: ( Shak.) to beat.— v
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
Ganges in Hinduism From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Ganga Devi" redirects here. For the Indian painter, see Ganga Devi (painter). For the Indian politician, see Ganga Devi (politician). Ganga, Jahnavi The Ganges Other names Jahnavi, Nikita, Ganges, Gange, Bhagirathi, Shubhra, Sapteshwari, Alaknanda, Vishnupadi, etc. Devanagari गंगा or गङ्गाSanskrit transliteration GaṅgāAffiliation Devi, One of the 7 Holiest Rivers in Hinduism Abode Brahmaloka or Brahmapura, Himalayas and Earth Mantra Om Gangayai Namaha Gam Mount Makara Personal information Consort Shiva - As Bearer of Ganga Shantanu - In Mahabharata Children Bhishma Siblings Parvati In Hinduism, the river Ganges is considered sacred and is personified as the goddess Gaṅgā. Some of Her other names include Jahnavi, Nikita, Jaahnukanya, Sapteshwari, Sureshwari, Bhagvati, Urvijaya, Chitraani, Tridhara, Bhaagirathi, Shubhra, Vaishnavi, Vishnupadi, Bhagvatpadi, Tripathaga, Payoshnika, Mahabhadra, Mandaakini, Meghna, Meghal, Gangika, Gange, Gangeshwari, and Alaknanda. She is worshiped by Hindus who believe that bathing in the river causes the remission of sins and facilitates Moksha (liberation from the cycle of life and death), and that the water of the Ganges is considered very pure. Pilgrims immerse the ashes of their kin in the Ganges, which is considered by them to bring the spirits closer to moksha. Ganga is described as the melodious, the fortunate, the cow that gives much milk, the eternally pure, the delightful, the body that is full of fish, affords delight to the eye and leaps over mountains in sport, the bedding that bestows water and happiness, and the friend or benefactor of all that lives. Several places sacred to Hindus lie along the banks of the Ganges, including Gangotri, Haridwar, Allahabad and Varanasi. During the Loy Krathong festival in Thailand, candlelit floats are released into waterways to honour Gautama Buddha and goddess Ganga for good fortune and washing away sins (pāpa in Sanskrit, used to describe actions that create negative karma by violating moral and ethical codes, which brings negative consequences). Contents [ hide ]1 Legend2 Descent to Earth3 Consort, shakti, and mother4 Rigveda5 Other religious associations6 See also7 References8 External links Legend [ edit]Bhagavata Purana depicts the birth of the narmad. According to the text, Lord Vishnu in one of his incarnations appeared as Vaman in the sacrificial arena of Asur King Mahabali. Then in order to measure the universe, he extended his left foot to the end of the universe and pierced a hole in its covering with the nail of his big toe. Through the hole, the pure water of the Causal Ocean (Divine Brahm-Water) entered this universe as the Ganges River. Having washed the lotus feet of the Lord, which are covered with reddish saffron, the water of the Ganges acquired a very beautiful pink color. Because the Ganges directly touches the lotus feet of Lord Vishnu ( Narayana) before descending within this universe, it is known as Bhagavat-Padi or Vishnupadi which means Emanating from the lotus feet of Bhagavan (God). It finally settles in Brahmaloka or Brahmapura, abode of Lord Brahma before descending to planet Earth at the request of Bhagiratha and held safely by Lord Shiva on his head to prevent destruction of Bhumi Devi (Mother Earth). Then, the Ganges was released from Lord Shiva's hair to meet the needs of the country according to Hindu mythology. In other legends, Himavan fathered Parvati and Ganga. Descent to Earth [ edit]Several years later, a king named Sagara magically acquired sixty thousand sons. One day, King Sagara performed a ritual of worship for the good of the kingdom. One of the integral parts of the ritual was a horse, which was stolen by the jealous Indra. Sagara sent all his sons all over the earth to search for the horse. They found it in the nether-world (or Underworld) next to a meditating sage Kapil tied by Lord Indra (the king of Swarg). Believing that the sage had stolen the horse, they hurled insults at him and caused his penance to be disturbed
How should I get started with c language?
Toy Story film under minor financial constraints. "Toy Story" was released in theaters on November 22, 1995, and was the highest-grossing film on its opening weekend, eventually earning over $373 million at the worldwide box office. It was positively reviewed by critics and audiences, who praised the animation's technical innovation, the wit and thematic sophistication of the screenplay, and the performances of Hanks and Allen; it is considered by many to be one of the best animated films ever made. The film received three Academy Award nominations, including Best Original Screenplay, Best Original Score, and Best Original Song for "You've Got a
First Russia is not very monocultural. That's a common misconception. Yes the majority are white and Slavic but there are entire regions that have a different culture, religion and even language (though Russian is everywhere). Secondly, Russia is beaten if people. The Slavs were able to spread from Rus to the East with no real opposition. They met some indigenous people along the way and either killed them or right them along. But well until they reached China and the Far East they had no real opposition to their expansion, in no small part because Siberia is enormous and freezing half the year. Europe and Africa had hundreds of different cultures and people prop up from tribes and were very clustered in and couldn't really move as much.
- 1 On average, the price to go bowling at an AMF bowling alley can vary from $5 to $6 during non-peak hours per person, per game, depending on the AMF center you visit. 2  This does not include shoe rental. There are packages where one pays around $15 for 3 bowling games at any AMF bowling center. 2  During peak times, the cost can be $7 to $10 per game. 3  In Garden Grove, California, a user claimed that she spent $5 for a game and $5 for shoes. 4  For each additional game, it was another $5 per person.
- An obedient dog with his trainer. The definition of obedient is a person or thing that obeys easily. An example of obedient is a dog that sits on command. obedient. obedient.
Why would a surgeon leave surgical clips in my upper groin after varicose vein stripping? Usually surgical clips are used in surgeries such as organ removal, in order to keep blood vessels closed, but I could assume that there might have been some vessels in your pelvis that needed to be closed, and probably 14 years ago that was the best was to do it. Vein stripping is not done anymore.
This is what you should be paying your babysitter In the past five years, the average pay of babysitters nationwide has jumped 28% to $13.44 an hour, according to a 2015 survey by Care.com — and in not one of the 75 cities examined were babysitters paid less than $11 an hour on average, a figure significantly higher than minimum wage.
In electric power distribution, capacitors are used for power factor correction. Such capacitors often come as three capacitors connected as a three phase load. Usually, the values of these capacitors are given not in farads but rather as a reactive power in volt-amperes reactive (var). The purpose is to counteract inductive loading from devices like electric motors and transmission lines to make the load appear to be mostly resistive. Individual motor or lamp loads may have capacitors for power factor correction, or larger sets of capacitors (usually with automatic switching devices) may be installed at a load center within a building or in a large utility substation.
lank lank - long and thin and often limp; grown lank with fasting; lank mousy hair long - primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified; a long road; a long distance; contained many long words; ten miles long
Gilmore Girls From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Gilmore Girls Genre Comedy-drama Family drama Created by Amy Sherman-Palladino Starring Lauren Graham Alexis Bledel Melissa Mc Carthy Keiko Agena Yanic Truesdale Scott Patterson Kelly Bishop Edward Herrmann Liza Weil Jared Padalecki Milo Ventimiglia Sean Gunn Chris Eigeman Matt Czuchry Opening theme " Where You Lead " by Carole King and Louise Goffin Composer (s) Sam Phillips Country of origin United States Original language (s)English No. of seasons 8No. of episodes 157 ( list of episodes)Production Executive producer (s)Amy Sherman-Palladino Daniel Palladino Gavin Polone David S. Rosenthal Location (s) Burbank, California Cinematography Michael A. Price John C. Flinn IIICamera setup Single-camera Running time 39–45 minutes Production company (s)Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions Hofflund/Polone Warner Bros. Television Distributor Warner Bros. Television Distribution Release Original network The WB (2000–06) The CW (2006–07)Picture format 480i ( SDTV, original run for seasons 1-3) 1080i / 1080p ( HDTV) (original run for seasons 4-7 and full series for digital release) 2160p ( UHD) ( A Year In the Life)Original release October 5, 2000 – May 15, 2007Chronology Followed by Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life ("AYITL")External links Website Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series, created by Amy Sherman-Palladino and starring Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel. The show debuted on October 5, 2000 on The WB and became a flagship series for the network. Gilmore Girls originally ran for seven seasons, with the final season moving to The CW, and ended its run on May 15, 2007. The show's main focus is on the relationship between single mother Lorelai Gilmore and her daughter Rory, who live in Stars Hollow, Connecticut, a small fictional town filled with colorful characters. The series explores issues of family, romance, education, friendship, disappointment, and ambition, along with generational divides and social class, the latter themes manifesting through Lorelai's difficult relationship with her high society parents, Emily and Richard, and Rory's experiences at an elite high school and later on at Yale. Sherman-Palladino, who served as showrunner for the majority of the series, infused Gilmore Girls with distinctive fast-paced dialogue filled with pop culture references. After season six, when the series moved to its new network, Sherman-Palladino left the show and was replaced by David S. Rosenthal for the final season. The series was produced and distributed by Warner Bros. Television and filmed on the studio's lot in Burbank, California. Television critics praised Gilmore Girls for its witty dialogue, cross-generational appeal, and effective mix of humor and drama. It never drew large ratings but was a relative success for The WB, peaking during season five as the network's second most-popular show. The series has been in daily syndication since 2004, while a growing and dedicated fandom has led to its status as a cult classic. Since coming off the air, Gilmore Girls has been cited in TV (The Book) and Time magazine as one of the 100 greatest television shows of all time. [1] [2] In 2016, the main cast and Sherman-Palladino returned for a four-part miniseries revival titled Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, which streamed on Netflix. Contents [ hide ]1 Premise2 Synopsis2.1 Season 12.2 Season 22.3 Season 32.4 Season 42.5 Season 52.6 Season 62.7 Season 72.8 A Year in the Life3 Cast and characters3.1 Main3.2 Recurring4 Production4.1 Background4.2 Casting4.3 Writing4.4 Filming4.5 Music5 Developments5.1 Change of showrunner5.2 Cancellation5.3 Revival6 Broadcast history6.1 Syndication6.2 Home media and online7 Reception7.1 Critical response7.2 Ratings7.3 Awards and nominations7.4 Fandom and cultural impact8 Notes9 References10 External links Premise [ edit]The series has two protagonists: witty "thirty-something" mother Lorelai Gilmore and her intellectual teenage daughter Rory. Their backstory is established early in the show: Lorelai grew 
The Liver and Blood Glucose Levels The Liver and Blood Glucose Levels. The liver produces, stores and release glucose. Glucose is the key source of energy for the human body. Supply of this vital nutrient is carried through the bloodstream to many of the body’s cells. The liver produces, stores and releases glucose depending on the body’s need for glucose, a monosaccharide.
logical logicaladjective log·i·cal \ ˈlä-ji-kəl \Updated on: 1 Apr 2018Trending Now:oligarch glib depose omnibus acrimony ALLExamples: logical in a Sentence Time Traveler! Explore the year a word first appeared Definition of logical1 a (1): of, relating to, involving, or being in accordance with logica logical conclusion ( 2): skilled in logicb: formally true or valid: analytic, deductivea logical statement2: capable of reasoning or of using reason in an orderly cogent fashiona logical thinker—logicalityplay \ ˌlä-jə-ˈka-lə-tē \ noun—logicallyplay \ ˈlä-ji-k (ə-)lē \ adverb—logicalnessplay \ ˈlä-ji-kəl-nəs \ noun See logical defined for English-language learners See logical defined for kids Examples of logical in a Sentence Since she helped us before, it's logical to assume that she'll help us again. He seems to be a logical choice for the job. She wasn't able to give me a logical explanation for her behavior. Recent Examples of logical from the Web Ready Player One is the logical culmination of a culture increasingly pitched toward reboots and re-imaginings and remixes.— scott meslow, GQ, "Ready Player One Review: A Thrilling, Empty Ghost of the Better Movies of the Past," 28 Mar. 2018The founder, Brandon Okpalobi, created STEM Saturdays to promote logical and analytical thinking skills in at-risk children, ages 7 to 16.— adrianne richardson, miamiherald, "Carrollton School holds Walk With Me event for special-needs students, adults," 27 Mar. 2018Ray was the Diamondbacks’ second-best pitcher last season behind Greinke, making him the most logical candidate to replace him as the Opening Day starter.— nick piecoro, azcentral, "Diamondbacks' Patrick Corbin gets second chance at Opening Day honors," 24 Mar. 2018These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'logical.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback. First Known Use of logical15th centurylogical Synonyms Synonymsanalytic ( or analytical), coherent,consequent, good, rational,reasonable, sensible, sound, valid,well-founded, well-grounded Antonymsillegitimate, illogical, incoherent,inconsequent, inconsequential,invalid, irrational, unreasonable,unsound, weak Near Antonymsfallacious, misleading, sophistic ( orsophistical), specious;unarticulated;unscientific;absurd, cockeyed,crazy, daffy, fatuous, half-baked,half-witted, harebrained, insane,loony ( also looney), mad,nonsensical, nutty, preposterous,simpleminded, stupid, weak-minded,witless;senseless, thoughtless;uncompelling, unconvincing Related Wordscognitive, empirical ( also empiric);defendable, defensible, justifiable,maintainable, supportable,sustainable, tenable Other Logic Termsa posteriori, connotation, corollary, inference, mutually exclusive, paradox, postulate, syllogism LOGICAL Defined for English Language Learnerslogicaladjective Definition of logical for English Language Learners: agreeing with the rules of logic: sensible or reasonable: of or relating to the formal processes used in thinking and reasoning LOGICAL Defined for Kidslogicaladjective log·i·cal \ ˈlä-ji-kəl \Definition of logical for Students1: according to a proper or reasonable way of thinkinga logical argument2: according to what is reasonably expectedthe logical result—logicallyadverb Learn More about logical Thesaurus: All synonyms and antonyms for logical Nglish: Translation of logical for Spanish speakers Britannica English: Translation of logical for Arabic speakers Seen and Heard What made you want to look up logical? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).show 
Margaret MacDonald (visionary) Margaret MacDonald was born in 1815 in Port Glasgow, Scotland and died around 1840. She lived with her two older brothers, James and George, both of whom ran a shipping business. Beginning in 1826 and through 1829, a few preachers in Scotland emphasized that the world's problems could only be addressed through an outbreak of supernatural gifts from the Holy Spirit. In response, Isabella and Mary Campbell of the parish of Rosneath manifested charismatic experiences such as speaking in tongues. Around 1830, miraculous healings were reported through James Campbell, first of his sister Margaret MacDonald and then of Mary Campbell (through James's letter to Mary). Shortly thereafter, James and George MacDonald manifested the speaking and interpretations of tongues, and soon others followed suit in prayer meetings. These charismatic experiences garnered major national attention. Many came to see and investigate these events. Some, such as Edward Irving and Henry Drummond, regarded these events as genuine displays from the Holy Spirit. Others, including John Nelson Darby and Benjamin Wills Newton, whom the Plymouth Brethren sent on their behalf to investigate, came to the conclusion that these displays were demonic.
Colitis: Inflammation of the Colon Colitis refers to inflammation of the colon .The diseases results from prolonged irritation and inflammation of the delicate membrane, which lines the walls of the colon. Chronic ulcerative colitis is a severe prolonged inflammation of the colon or large bowel, in which ulcers from on the walls of the colon. Banana.
Home Remedies for Chapped lips Home Remedies for Chapped lips (49)Prev 2 of 2 Next7. Aloe Vera Gel The healing qualities of aloe vera are well known. Putting a small amount of aloe vera gel on your lips daily will help them heal and relieve the pain. Aloe vera gel has an unpleasant taste but its amazing healing quality is worth it.8. Cucumber Another simple and natural solution for chapped lips is cucumber. Rub a small slice of cucumber across your dry lips gently so that the juice is applied well over them. Leave it on for 15 to 20 minutes and then wash your lips with water. Do this several times a day to help your lips heal faster.9. Petroleum Jelly Petroleum jelly is also very effective in treating dry lips. Simply apply some petroleum jelly over your dry lips several times a day to keep them well protected. Reapply before going to bed to keep your lips well nourished during the night. You can also first put a light coat of honey on your lips, letit dry for a few seconds and then apply a light coat of petroleum jelly. Wait a few minutes and then remove it with a cotton ball dipped in warm water. Repeat this remedy twice daily.10. Water Dehydration can be the reason behind your chapped lips. It’s important to drink plenty of water during the day to keep your body well hydrated. Try to start your day by drinking one or two glasses of water before eating or drinking anything else. Also, before going to bed drink at least one glass of water. In addition to keeping you hydrated, water helps flush toxins out of the body. These remedies are effective in treating dry and chapped lips. But to prevent recurrence, keep your lips well moisturized and your body well hydrated, avoid extreme temperatures, and eat a proper diet. Prev 2 of 2 Next';SHARE ONTwitter Facebook Whats App Google+ Pinterest By Top10Home Remedies Last modified on December 17th, 2012 
St. Gertrude New Church, Riga St. Gertrude New Church (Latvian: "Jaunā Svētās Ģertrūdes Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca" ) is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 119 Brīvības Street.
For People With Osteoporosis: How to Find a Doctor A variety of medical specialists treat people with osteoporosis, including internists, gynecologists, family doctors, endocrinologists, rheumatologists, physiatrists, orthopaedists, and geriatricians. There are a number of ways to find a doctor who treats osteoporosis patients. If you have a primary care or family doctor, discuss your concerns with him or her. Your doctor may treat the disease or be able to refer you to an osteoporosis specialist.
Why is there a magnetic field for the Earth?
Translations for short stack short stack(Noun) A relatively small amount of chips relative to the stakes. short stack(Noun) An amount of chips which is far less than the average in the tournament. short stack(Noun) A player who is in possession of a short stack. short stack(Noun) Two pancakes one on top of the other, as opposed to a stack of three.
Asking what caused the big bang doesn't really.make sense. The idea of a cause, implies something happened before, but the big bang was the start of time. There has always been a universe in this timeline. The big bang was the start of that, yes. But there was no before the big bang for there to have not been the universe. This is all quite hard to wrap your head around I know. Imagine a VHS tape. The move is encoded onto the tape. If you rewind the tape you get to the start of the movie. What if you rewind further? Well you can't. There is no tape before the film starts. The concept.of rewinding it further doesn't make sense so asking "what is on the tape before the film starts" isn't "nothing" but "there is no before the film starts" In this analogy, the universe is the movie and time is the tape.
Kevin Zegers Kevin Joseph Zegers (born September 19, 1984) is a Canadian actor and model. He is known for his roles as Alec Lightwood in "", Josh Framm in the "Air Bud" film series, and Damien Dalgaard in the CW teen drama "Gossip Girl". He also starred in the films "Dawn of the Dead" (2004), "Transamerica" (2005), "It's a Boy Girl Thing" (2006), "The Jane Austen Book Club" (2007), "Fifty Dead Men Walking" (2008), and "Frozen" (2010).
Nutrition Facts for Starbucks Vanilla Bean Frappuccino A Vanilla Bean Frappuccino contains vanilla bean, milk and ice. You can also top it with whipped cream. A 12-oz. Vanilla Bean Frappuccino with whole milk and whipped cream contains 280 calories. It has 12 g total fat, 7 g of that being saturated fats. There are 41 total carbohydrates with 41 of these being sugars.
David Harbour David Harbour ( born April 10 , 1974 ) is an American actor who has performed in film , television , and the theatre . He currently stars in the Netflix TV Series Stranger Things as main character Police Chief Jim Hopper .
Netball New Zealand title. Fast5 Netball World Series The Fast5 Netball World Series is an international netball competition that was contested for the first time in October 2009. The new competition features modified "Fast5" rules, and has been likened to Twenty20 cricket and rugby sevens. The competition is contested by the six top national netball teams in the world, according to the INF World Rankings. The Silver Ferns are often the national focus for netball in New Zealand. They are the second highest rank team in the INF World Rankings. The Fastnet Ferns represent New Zealand at the World Netball Series, a recently
ELI5 Style: Something called melanin is reponsible for your general skin and hair colour. It mainly comes in two flavours when talking about hair, both of which are found in your skin (and lack of it causes albinos!): Eumelanin basically determines whether you have light hair or dark hair or very dark, and is found in skin all over your body, including your scalp. Pheomelanin is responsible for imparting a reddish tinge to hair, and is far more commonly only found around the mouth and the naughty bits, not so often on the scalp, so it only tinges your facial hair and select bodyhair where it's found. Varies for everyone though. Redheads tend to have it all over, of course.
Looking for treehouse ideas! I had to take out a tree in the front yard that my kids had used to climb in and part of the bargain was for me to build them a treehouse in the backyard in exchange. Unfortunately, there are really only tall queen palms in the back to lean to. The good news is that there would be the possibility of a slide into the pool though.

The most suitable palm tree is in the back corner of the lot. The drawback is the compost pile immediately behind it and a giant bougainvillea bush that I would really like to keep. I was thinking to build the house above it (the corner is the NE corner of the lot, so even with the house above it, the bougainvillea would still get a lot of sun... we are in SoCal).

The structure will need support on the ground, methinks, unless I can find some way to attach it securely to the trunk (approx. 1.5'/18cm in diameter) of the palm tree. Another constraint is that the tree needs periodical trimming, which involves someone climbing it with pronged boots.

Any ideas or pointers would be greatly appreciated!

**TL;DR**: looking for ideas to build a treehouse against/around a single palm tree.

EDIT: here are some shots of the site. The first two are from 7 years ago, when I bought the place. The last few are from this May after I finished the pool restoration... the dork filling the pool with the hose is yours truly. The site itself is the tree behind me.
How much is a membership at Anytime Fitness Center? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Health Fitness How much is a membership at Anytime Fitness Center? Flag How much is a membership at Anytime Fitness Center? Answer by Jake Niehaus Confidence votes 4.7KIf there's good music to be heard, I'll hear it. If there's good films to see, I'll see it. Ask me anything!The average price for a yearly membership with Anytime Fitness Center will roughly cost you about $36 a month. They offer a 24 hour gym that comes complete with a spa and a tanning area. Make sure to contact your nearest Anytime Fitness Center location to see what possible membership deals and specials are available.22 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No How much is a membership at Fitness Together? Unlike most gyms, Fitness Together does not charge by themembership. They sell their services by the hour, and allow peopleto buy as many or as little as they want. BJ Sullivan 3,242,404 Contributions Are there any anytime fitness centers in pa? Yes, there are two presently operating, one in Collegeville and one in Hermitage. See the Related Link for more information. How much is a membership at snap Fitness?how much is a membership for a single senior citizon How old do you have to be to get a membership at anytime fitness? You need to get at least 18 years of age before you can get amembership. You can go to the gym as long as you have your parent'spermission. Renny Rocky Road 2 Contributions How much is a membership at LA fitness?$29.99 per month, or $9.99 per week. How much does an Anytime Fitness franchise owner make a year? Franchise owner not make more profite ,beacuse per person cost is very low in Anytime India Fitness. It is good for those person how can join for fitness, per person montly …How much does a membership at lifetime fitness cost? It costs around $1.49 per month. How much does a gym membership cost at Mountainside Fitness? Mountainside Fitness charges an annual fee of $25 a year. If youdecide to transfer your membership into someone's name, there is nocharge. How much are the memberships at Jupiter fitness?$30m just to workout How much does it cost to replace your anytime fitness key if you lost it? I had the same problem and apparently it's 75 dollars to replace... Kind of steep. Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions How much does a planet fitness membership cost? Planet Fitness costs a mere 10.68 a month to join. You can also sign up for a $99/year memberships? Planet Fitness offers free personal training. They proudly announce that it …How much is a monthly membership at American family fitness? I pay $77.95 per month for a family membership. It renews on an annual basis. Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Fitness How does Anytime Fitness compare to other fitness centers? Anytime Fitness compares very well with most other fitness centers. Anytime Fitness is great for people who have a hectic work schedule and still want to work out, because the …Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized How much does a membership at the Lakeland Center cost? The Lakeland Center does not have a membership fee. The Lakeland Center sells tickets to all of their event separately, and the cost varies. It is $7 an hour to park and $30 f …Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized How much does a membership to Fitness USA cost per year? Fitness USA has locations in Michigan, Indiana, and California. The company does not offer a yearly contract, and only offers monthly plans. The gyms offer a free trial, and …Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized How much does a membership cost to join a 1610 leisure center? It costs usually about ÅÂ£150 to join a 1610 leisure centre and have the initial health and fitness check. After that the cost varies depending upon what facilities the c …Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Uncategorized How much does a full membership cost at the City Fitness Gym? The unlimited gym membership at Washington D. C.
Meadowhall Interchange Meadowhall Interchange Meadowhall Interchange is a transport interchange located in north-east Sheffield, consisting of a combined heavy rail station, tram stop and bus and coach station. The second-busiest heavy rail station in the city in terms of passenger numbers, Meadowhall Interchange provides connections between National Rail services, the Sheffield Supertram light rail network, intercity coach services and the city bus network. The interchange was opened in 1990 by British Rail under the Regional Railways sector, to serve the new Meadowhall shopping centre, which opened at the same time and is connected to the interchange by a pedestrian footbridge. The interchange
- Monocular double vision is usually caused by an abnormality within the eye itself, such as a refractive error like astigmatism, or a rare type of cataract. It can also be caused by abnormalities of the iris, lens, or fluid within the eye, and even dry eye.
- The dwarf planet called Ceres orbits the Sun in the asteroid belt. An asteroid is a bit of rock. It can be thought of as what was left over after the Sun and all the planets were formed.Most of the asteroids in our solar system can be found orbiting the Sun between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.This area is sometimes called the asteroid belt.he dwarf planet called Ceres orbits the Sun in the asteroid belt. An asteroid is a bit of rock. It can be thought of as what was left over after the Sun and all the planets were formed.
I'm sure others can pipe in and discuss more, but you could turn to oral history. There's a whole methodology associated with doing oral history correctly. It's unfortunately not as simple as just interviewing people. A good place to start with methodology may be Zembrzycki (ed.), Oral History Off the Record. There's also ethics concerns involved, so you may need to seek ethics training in that regard. Depending on the period you're researching, this may be a good option for you.
Experimental assessment of the speed of light perturbation in free-fall
  absolute gravimeters
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Why was my top-up reverted?
- The exact definition of a vegetable may vary simply because of the many parts of a plant consumed as food worldwide – roots, tubers, bulbs, corms, stems, leaf stems, leaf sheaths, leaves, buds, flowers, fruits and seeds.
5 Steps to Becoming a CPA in Indiana In order to be eligible to sit for the Uniform CPA exam under Indiana rules, you must have earned 150 semester hours of college credit and at least a bachelor’s degree.. If your license or certificate is from one of the jurisdictions with a process deemed substantially equivalent to that of the Indiana Board of Accountancy you may apply for a Reciprocal CPA Certificate in Indiana. All jurisdictions are eligible for reciprocity other than CA, CO, NH, VT, VI.
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
Static electricity and strength of the charge on a material once they are separated depends on their relative positions in the triboelectric series. The triboelectric effect is the main cause of static electricity as observed in everyday life, and in common high-school science demonstrations involving rubbing different materials together (e.g., fur against an acrylic rod). Contact-induced charge separation causes your hair to stand up and causes "static cling" (for example, a balloon rubbed against the hair becomes negatively charged; when near a wall, the charged balloon is attracted to positively charged particles in the wall, and can "cling" to it, appearing to
Because the people who administer the site are diligent in their work. Also, logs are taken every time a change is made, so it's not hard for registered editors to see where someone has taken a huge chunk out of a page and replaced it with garbage and then simply undo the changes. In addition, sensitive topics are often blocked from editing by unregistered users or users who are not given permission by the administrators. This reduces biased defacement of pages like "Nazism," "Israel," and other such hot topics.
How Much Does an Event Planner Make Annually? The average salary breaks down to $23.95 per hour. The top 10 percent of planners made $78,530 annually, on average, while the lowest 10 percent made an average of just $27,410 annually. California has the highest employment level for event planners, coming in with 7,150 jobs.However, planners in the golden state made an annual average salary of only $52,930 in 2011. New York comes next with 6,600 jobs and planners making a slightly higher average annual wage of $55,760.Event planners in the District of Columbia make the most money, on average, at $65,230 annually, higher than the average salary for planners across the country.egional Comparison. California has the highest employment level for event planners, coming in with 7,150 jobs. However, planners in the golden state made an annual average salary of only $52,930 in 2011. New York comes next with 6,600 jobs and planners making a slightly higher average annual wage of $55,760.
Containment Policy Term paper Containment Policy Term paper While the free essays can give you inspiration for writing, they cannot be used 'as is' because they will not meet your assignment's requirements. If you are in a time crunch, then you need a custom written term paper on your subject (containment policy) Here you can hire an independent writer/researcher to custom write you an authentic essay to your specifications that will pass any plagiarism test (e.g. Turnitin). Waste no more time!Fatal error: Class 'Solr Client' not found in /home/essaymania/public_html/html/html_essaydetails.php on line 191 
After heart attack, 'Biggest Loser' host Bob Harper 'back to square one' Story highlights. (CNN)After a heart attack in February, Bob Harper, a personal trainer and host of the NBC show The Biggest Loser, is on the road to recovery. The 51-year-old recently shared an Instagram video of himself walking on a treadmill.
The flat underpart is because at that exact height at which dew points is the same as temperature and the density of moisture is the same as air. This allows the water vapor to condense saturate and become a cloud. Below that height it cant happen but above it it can. So at that height is the cloud's lowest base hence it becoming flat.  Now for cumulonimbus the cloud is pushed upwards by an updraft(warm air that lighter than its surrounding) until it goes as high as possible until it reaches the tropopause. At this point the cloud can't move further up so its top layer spreads out as though it has hit a barrier and ends up having a flat top. Edit: at
- Palm Springs Weather Forecast for Thursday, April 20. Countries/United States/ California/ Palm Springs. The Palm Springs, CA forecast for Apr 20 is 81 degrees and Sunny . There is 17 percentage chance of rain and 5 mph winds from the West-Southwest.
(26Apr93) comp.graphics Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Why do lightsabers have different colors?
Diatomic elements (H2,O2,N2 etc) travel in covalent pairs because by forming covalent bond(s) they are able to gain a full outer shell of electrons. O2 has a double bond, sharing two pairs of electrons, this means that each atom essentially gains two electrons and its outer shell goes from 6 electrons to a full 8: a stable molecule. The aim of everything is to be stable. There are also triatomic and polyatomic molecules; eg. S8
Cellular Respiration Glycolysis is the first stage of aerobic (and anaerobic) respiration. It takes place in the cytoplasm of the cell. In glycolysis (“glucose breaking”), ATP is used to split glucose molecules into a three-carbon compound called pyruvate. This splitting produces energy that is stored in ATP and a molecule called NADH.
Movie remakes....Sequels etc... OK...please if anyone has a good response im all about hearing it.

Why are so many people so fucking ANAL about remakes? Or Sequels to older classic movies?    My main beef is with the remake fuckers that act like since a movie is remade from a different director and actors the original movie is going to magically disappear and vanish into thin air and we will be left with the remake like Friday the 13th, The Last House on the Left, Amityville Horror, etc....

Good god these movies do not REPLACE the originals......I can still go buy the complete Friday the 13th box set, and Amityville Horror set.

Why is this a big fucking deal?  I mean it really pisses me off to hear these people go off on rants about how much they dont compare to the originals....Then dont fucking watch the remakes!!!!

Downvotes begin!
Adenosine does build up, and this does contribute to making you feel tired. But what determines whether you feel sleepy / go to sleep is much more than just one thing. If you think about it, this makes sense: You wouldn't be very good at surviving if your body being tired made you fall asleep no matter what. There are multiple different things that can push/pull you towards sleep / wakefulness. Correspondingly, the neural circuitry that controls sleep is [complex](_URL_0_). Broadly speaking, it functions like a see-saw, where many different factors can push down on either end to swing the balance towards sleep or wakefulness. In the case of insomnia, the problem is that other factors (anxiety) are pushing down on one end of the see-saw and swinging it further towards wakefulness than it should be.
Houston Astros the U.S. crewed space program—was adopted three years later, when they moved into the Astrodome, the first domed sports stadium. The Astros played in the NL from 1962 to 2012, first in the West Division from 1969 to 1993, followed by the Central Division from 1994 to 2012. The team was reclassified to the American League West from 2013 onward. While a member of the NL, the Astros played in one World Series in 2005, losing in four games to the Chicago White Sox. In 2017, they became the first franchise in MLB history to have won a pennant in
Call Me by Your Name (film) Michael Stuhlbarg, Amira Casar, Esther Garrel, and Victoire Du Bois. The film began development in 2007, when producers Peter Spears and Howard Rosenman optioned the screen rights to Aciman's novel. Ivory served as the screenwriter and co-producer; he was initially set to co-direct the film but stepped down in 2016. Guadagnino joined the project as a location consultant and eventually became director and co-producer. The film was financed by several international companies. Principal photography took place mainly in Crema, Italy in May and June 2016. The filmmakers spent weeks before production decorating the Villa Albergoni, one of the main filming
Most all of the big companies do pay dividends. Your piece of paper doesn't actually represent fractional ownership of the company, with voting rights in some of their big decisions. A stock does. And companies like Apple that don't pay dividends are assumed to be doing so to save their money for growth, so they can pay bigger dividends in the future. Some companies pay huge dividends because investors assume that they won't be able to keep it up for much longer. So certain companies might pay 10%, but the market doesn't think it will last, and the dividend will likely decrease, as earnings fail.
Paradox Interactive (Europa Universalis, Hearts of Iron, Victoria, Crusader Kings) is pretty good with its historical detail and accuracy, at least by video game standards. I think in general strategy games are one of the better genres for accurate historical settings, whereas other genres might have to sacrifice more for playability and accessibility.
Isotopes: Different Types of Atoms Isotopes: Different Types of Atoms. Atoms in a chemical element that have different numbers of neutrons than protons and electrons are called isotopes. The atoms in a particular element have an identical number of protons and electrons but can have varying numbers of neutrons.
Smile (The Beach Boys album) Smile ( stylized as SMiLE ) was a projected album by American rock band the Beach Boys intended to follow their 11th studio album , Pet Sounds ( 1966 ) . After bandleader Brian Wilson abandoned large portions of music recorded over a ten-month period , the band substituted its release with Smiley Smile ( 1967 ) , an album containing stripped-down remakes of some Smile material . Some of the original Smile tracks eventually found their way onto subsequent Beach Boys ' studio and compilation albums . As more fans learned of the project 's origins , details of its recordings acquired considerable mystique , and it was later acknowledged as the most legendary unreleased album in the history of popular music .   Working with lyricist Van Dyke Parks , Smile was composed as a multi-thematic concept album , existing today in its unfinished and fragmented state as an unordered series of abstract musical vignettes . Its genesis came during the recording of Pet Sounds , when Wilson began recording a new single , `` Good Vibrations '' . The track was created by an unprecedented recording technique : over 90 hours of tape was recorded , spliced , and reduced into a three-minute pop song . It quickly became the band 's biggest international hit yet ; Smile was to be produced in a similar fashion . Wilson touted the album as `` a teenage symphony to God '' , incorporating a range of music styles including psychedelic , doo-wop , barbershop singing , ragtime , yodeling , early American folk , classical music , and avant-garde explorations into noise and musical acoustics . Its projected singles were `` Heroes and Villains '' , a Western musical comedy , and `` Vega-Tables '' , a satire of physical fitness .   The album 's collapse has been attributed to several personal , technical , and legal issues which surrounded its making . The majority of its backing tracks were completed between August and December 1966 . A deadline set for January 1967 was missed , and Parks soon distanced himself from the project . In June , the Beach Boys reconvened at Brian 's makeshift home studio to record Smiley Smile . Many attempts were then made to complete the original Smile , most of which were derailed by Wilson , who became psychologically traumatized by the album . It was in the 1980s when bootlegged tracks from Smile began circulating widely among record collectors , encouraging others to assemble their own versions using what surviving recordings were available . The potential of what Smile could have been inspired many musicians , particularly those in indie rock , while the album 's saga became a touchstone for chamber pop and the more art-inclined sectors of post-punk .   As a solo artist , Wilson reinterpreted the project for concert performances in 2004 , and then followed up with the studio album Brian Wilson Presents Smile . Although he had ostensibly completed the work , Wilson clarified that his 2004 arrangement differed substantially from how he had first conceptualized the album during the 1960s . On October 31 , 2011 , The Smile Sessions was released containing an approximation of what the Beach Boys ' completed Smile might have sounded like based on the structure of Brian Wilson Presents Smile . It received universal acclaim . In 2012 , the compilation was ranked number 381 in Rolling Stone 's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list . In 2013 , it won the Best Historical Album award at the 55th Grammy Awards .
Duloxetine Duloxetine is also used to treat ongoing bone or muscle pain such as lower back pain or osteoarthritis (joint pain or stiffness that may worsen over time). Duloxetine is in a class of medications called selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs).
Dante The name Dante is a Spanish baby name. In Spanish the meaning of the name Dante is: Enduring. The poet Dante Alighieri wrote The Divine Comedy with its graphic description of medieval Hell known as 'Dante's Inferno. American Meaning: The name Dante is an American baby name.n Italian the meaning of the name Dante is: A, the Italian form of Durand meaning enduring. Famous bearer: The poet Dante Alighieri wrote 'The Divine Comedy' with its graphic description of medieval Hell known as 'Dante's Inferno. Latin Meaning:
IAmA 24 year old that still sleepwalks and has vivid nightmares. I frequently scare my family and have seriously injured myself in my sleep. AMA I've been having nightmares since I was a child. They haven't gotten much better over the years in terms of vividness or how scared they make me. However, they have become less frequent. I still sleepwalk often and have done some mundane, routine things while completely "asleep." I don't know whether this interests anyone, but if it does feel free to ask away!

EDIT: I haven't made many original posts on Reddit. It seems like I can't edit the title. I don't have nightmares, I have night terrors. Think of it as a nightmare on steroids :)
How Soon Can You Eat After Tooth Extraction? How Soon Can You Eat After Tooth Extraction?by MELISSA MCNAMARA April 10, 2018After having a tooth extracted, your surgeon will provide aftercare guidelines so you know how to take care of yourself and reduce the risk of post-operative complications. These recommendations will include how to eat and drink in the days after your surgery. Most often, diet guidelines after tooth extraction allow liquids and very soft foods the same day as your surgery, with a transition to your usual diet, some exceptions, within several days. Video of the Day Error loading player: Flash plugin failed to load Day One How soon you can start eating or drinking after your tooth extraction can depend on extent of your surgery. Your surgeon can provide you with specific guidelines. Most recommendations allow starting liquids within a few hours of the surgery, along with soft foods that require little if any chewing -- such as ice cream or pudding. The use of a straw should be avoided when drinking liquids, since the suction this creates can dislodge the blood clot that covers your wound. This can lead to more pain and bleeding, and will delay healing. It's also important to avoid hot liquids in the initial days after surgery, as the heat also loosen the clot, and can also increase blood flow and bleeding from your wound. Day Two and Three By the day after your surgery, liquids and soft foods can be continued, and you should also be able to incorporate more types of foods -- as long as you avoid chewing on the surgery side. Keep foods soft, so less chewing is needed and less food particles stay in the mouth. Your surgeon may also recommend the avoidance of alcohol for at least the first 24 to 48 hours after surgery, as alcohol may interact with your post-op medications and delay wound healing. The First Few Weeks For 1 to 2 weeks after your surgery, you will be advised to avoid chewing food on the extraction site, to avoid disruption to the healing process. During this time, you can transition back to most of your usual foods. However, spicy or acidic foods should be avoided until your site is fully healed, so the extraction site isn't irritated. Also avoid crunchy and sticky foods, which can dislodge the clot if chewed near the extraction site. Precautions After eating, you will want to keep the area clean, but follow your surgeon's guidelines regarding brushing, flossing and rinsing -- and when you can resume your usual dental care. See your dentist if you experience signs of an infection, such as a fever, swelling or pain that is getting worse, pus draining from the surgery site or bleeding that persists or doesn't respond to pressure. If you are having difficulties breathing, seek emergency care. Reviewed by Kay Peck, MPH RDLose Weight. Feel Great!Change your life with My Plate by LIVE STRONG . COMGOALGENDER AGEWEIGHT HEIGHTGET MY CALORIE GOALYOU MIGHT ALSO LIKESoda After Wisdom Teeth Removal How to Take Care of Baby Teeth Extractions Sore Gums After an Extraction Foods to Eat After Wisdom Tooth is Pulled Signs of Infection in the Hole Where a Wisdom Tooth Was Extracted Foods to Avoid With Wisdom Teeth Are You Able to Sing After the Teeth Are Extracted? Pain After Tooth Extraction Running After Having Your Wisdom Teeth Pulled Ear Aches After Teeth Extraction Foods to Avoid After Wisdom Tooth Extraction Foods You Can't Eat After Filling a Tooth Smoking and a Wisdom Tooth Extraction How to Control Diarrhea After a Wisdom Tooth Extraction Exercise After Wisdom Tooth Removal List of Soft Foods & Meats for Wisdom Teeth Extraction Can I Exercise After a Single Tooth Extraction? How to Treat Swelling After Teeth Extraction Painful Bone Fragments After Teeth Extractions Foods to Avoid Eating With Dental Crowns 
In 18th and 19th Century Europe, many men were employed as "night-soil men" or "nightmen." These men would go at night from building to building in residential urban areas and collect "nightsoil" : essentially human waste, from privy buckets and, in some cases, large underground cesspits. Larger outdoor privies were similarly cleaned, by men called at least in England, "Gong farmers." The end purpose of all of this human waste was use as manure on agricultural fields near the city, and, in the case of urine, in leather tanneries. Of course, using human waste to fertilize vegetables grown for human consumption bears with it the real risk of spreading disease. As to the point about shyness over defecating in front of one's family members, it is more of a 20th century taboo than it was in those days.
6 Most Dangerous Snakes in Georgia It’s getting hot in Georgia and that means the snakes will be a little more active in search for shade & food. Snakes are like people, they don’t like to move around too much when it’s hot, but when it’s cooler they are much more active and sometimes more aggressive. The chances of you spotting a snake can be reduced due to camouflage provided by nearby bushes, leaves or other shrubbery. For your safety, here are six venomous snakes in Georgia that you need to look out for; ranked from most dangerous to least.1. Eastern Diamondback Rattlesnake The Eastern Diamondback Rattlesnake is the most dangerous snake in Georgia, has no natural enemies and is at the top of the food chain. It is normally found in south Georgia, although there have been a few sightings in Middle Georgia. The Eastern Diamondback is ready to strike at moments notice, it is highly irritable and will readily defend itself if threatened. This snake is the largest venomous snake in all of America.2. Cottonmouth (Water Moccasin)The Cottonmouth is a part of the viper family and can normally be found in the middle & southern areas of Georgia. It tends to like being around wetter/swamp areas. This somewhat aggressive snake has has a hemotoxic venom that dissolves tissue. They are primarily active at night but love to sunbathe. A bite from this snake can cause very severe and sometimes fatal injuries.3. Coral Snake Normally found in south Georgia, the Coral snake can potentially be extremely venomous. However, they are generally shy and slow to bite. Coral snakes account for fewer than 1% of venomous snakebites in the United States. Most people are bitten while intentionally handling the snakes. On top of all, Coral Snakes cannot strike quickly and must hang on for a brief period to achieve significant envenomation in humans. There have been no deaths from Coral Snake bites in the United States since anti-venom became available. These pretty snakes are rather short and easy to recognize with their distinctive alternating black, red and yellow bands. GET A GEORGIA DECALGET A GEORGIA DECAL4. Copperhead Another viper, the Copperhead can be found almost everywhere in the state of Georgia. A Copperhead bite is almost never fatal to an adult but can still be very painful. They bite more people per year in the U. S. compared to any other snake. It is mostly active in the evening time. If you see one of these just step away because they are somewhat aggressive!5. Timber Rattlesnake The Timber Rattlesnake can be found everywhere in Georgia and is commonly found on Wooded hillsides (males) and rocky outcrops (females). It has a slightly more laid back reputation but has long fangs and a high venom yield.6. Pigmy Rattlesnake This snake is pretty small but it IS venomous, don’t let it’s size fool you. They can be found nearly everywhere in Georgia and prefer to hide among leaf litter. They do like to sunbathe and are usually active in the evening time.“Like” us on Facebook PLEASE!http://facebook.com/GAFollowersanimals dangerous snakes in georgia snake snakes snakes in georgiasouth georgia venomous snakes in georgia 
Washington, North Carolina Area Code Washington, North Carolina Area Code Washington, NC Area Codes are252Washington, NC is currently using one area code which is area code 252. In addition to Washington, NC area code information read more about area code 252 details and North Carolina area codes. Washington, NC is located in Beaufort County and observes the Eastern Time Zone. View our Times by Area Code tool . Select Any North Carolina City or Town Alphabetically A B C D E F G H I J K L MN O P Q R S T U V W X Y ZArea Codes Look Up By State and City Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, DCWest Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Area Codes Look Up in Surrounding Places American Samoa Bahamas Barbados Bermuda British Virgin Islands Dominican Republic Freeport (Bahamas)Grenada Grand Bahama Guam Jamaica Marshall Islands Nassau (Bahamas)Saint Thomas Saint Croix Saint John St. Lucia St. Vincent US Virgin Islands St. Kitts and Nevis Area Code News | Area Code Changes | Ten Digit Dialing | Toll Free Numbers Area Code FAQ and Definitions | State Utility Commissions | Original Area Codes Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Site Map www. Area Code Help.com is not responsible for any damages or problems caused by this service. If you have any suggestions or comments contact us. Site Copyright 2006-2018 www.areacodehelp.com 
What is Edamame? Ad. Typically, soybeans are allowed to mature on the vine to form hard beans that can be easily harvested and stored. They can also be picked at the peak of ripeness, right before they start to harden; these are called edamame in Japan or mao dou in China.t is made from soybeans that are harvested before they start to harden, and then quickly parboiled and frozen to retain their fresh flavor. There are a number of ways to eat these soybeans, ranging from plain out of hand snacks to processed in sweets and savories.
_URL_8_ has the collection 300 Tang Poems in hyperlinked Chinese - you click on each character and it brings up the definition with the etymology of the character. (Chinese words have visual etymology, so that a character like [*hong*](_URL_7_) 鴵 is made from the character for "river" and the character for "bird," and the character for "river", [*jiang*](_URL_6_) 江 is made from the character for "water" and the character for "a carpenter's square." And so on.) By looking at one poem - or even one stanza of one poem - in the original Chinese, you can start to get how difficult the act of translation is. Sometimes, the lines are strings of nouns with a verb-like adjective or preposition in there. (Lonely swan sea above next....) _URL_5_ also has the poems, with Chinese characters (hyperlinked to very abbreviated definitions) next to older English and French translations. Click around in there and you might find some beauty.
As covered in Tim Wu's _The Master Switch_, perhaps the biggest player in the shift to LA specifically was Adolph Zukor, a Hungarian Jewish tailor turned successful NYC theater producer. After premiering the French import "Queen Elizabeth" in 1912--likely the first feature ever screened in North America--he became convinced that dedicated venues showing films running as long as a full-length stage play could be more profitable than the vaudeville-hall-friendly shorts that Edison's trust preferred. When Edison refused to grant Zukor permission to make his own features, he headed west and started Paramount. It wasn't the first movie studio in California, but it was the one that proved feature films were a viable business model. Just three years later, more movies were being made in LA than NYC.
Wary of protests, the Indian authorities have decided to shorten the route of the relay in New Delhi, and have given it the security normally associated with Republic Day celebrations, which are considered terrorist targets. Chinese intelligence's expectations of points on the relay route that would be particularly 'vulnerable' to protesters were presented to the Indian ambassador to Beijing, Nirupama Sen. The Indian media responded angrily to the news that the ambassador, a distinguished lady diplomat, was summoned to the Foreign Ministry at 2 am local time; the news was later denied by anonymous sources in Delhi. The Indian media reported that India's Commerce Minister, Kamal Nath, cancelled an official trip to Beijing in protest, though both Nath and Chinese sources have denied it.
Defining, Measuring, and Training for Agility “Y’all in the same spots / me I’m dodging rain drops” – Jay Z, On To The Next One Agility is one of the most frequently-cited skills for being an effective ultimate athlete. But what is agility? How do we develop it and train for it? We want to stick to our man’s hip on D, scrap our way through holes and openings in a zone, cover ground on the mark, change direction on a dime and get open at will. We want to be unguardable. In order to optimize agility performance, we must develop a system and methodology around developing its development. Luckily, I have spent the past six years working on developing a system around agility, and this summer it is finally ready to be released. In part one, I want to begin by offering up a piece of Morrill Performance’s The Foundation. Let’s do this!Training Blog 06/05/14 - Tim Morrill on Agility1.1K views • 1 comment Watch later Share Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:00 / 2:24Defining Agility Agility is a complex quality that encompasses an athlete’s entire movement skills set. It has been broadly defined as an athlete’s collective coordinative abilities (Plisk, 2008). Many sports require athletes to quickly transition from one movement skill to another, often in response to a stimulus, such as a ball, puck or opponent. Therefore, agility can be thought of as having two primary components: cognitive and physical (Gambetta, 2007). The cognitive component involves reaction time and decision making abilities. Reaction time is the elapsed time between recognizing the need to act and initiating the proper action (Klika, 2010). The physical component involves the athlete’s movement and force application skills. Verstagan and Marcello (2001) state, “agility permits an athlete to react to a stimulus, start quickly and efficiently, move in the correct direction, and be ready to change direction or stop quickly to make a play in a fast, smooth, efficient, and repeatable manner.”Measuring Agility Roro hits a buttery stick as Gwen & Calise get ready for another rep at an Riot & MP jam sess. Agility tests traditionally involve a short course featuring multiple changes of direction, in which the athlete attempts to complete as quickly as possible. Many agility tests are general and are used with multiple sports. A well-established protocol, The Illinois Agility, has been used by coaches for decades and is considered to be both valid and reliable (Gambetta, 2007). It involves multiple slalom cuts and 180-degree turns (Gamble, 2010). Other popular agility tests include the T-Test, the Hexagon Test, the Ajax Shuttle and the Edgren Side Test (Clark & Lucett, 2010; Cook, 2003; Gambetta, 2007; Plisk 2008). The National Basketball Association (NBA) combine uses the Pro-Lane Agility drill, which involves a sprint, back peddle and defensive slide around the key (Clark & Lucett, 2010). The National Football Association (NFL) combine uses the 5-10-5 or Pro Agility drill. Beginning from a three-point stance, the athlete moves laterally five yards, performs a 180-degree turn to sprint ten yards then performs a final 180 degree turn and finishes with a five-yards sprint through the start line (Gamble, 2010). The NFL combine also uses the 3-Cone drill. This drill is also known as the L-Drill because three cones are spaced to form an “L” shape. The course features a 90-degree cut toright, a 180 degree pivot and turn, and a 90-degree cut to left (Gamble, 2010). Gamble (2010) suggests that many of the most common tests used to measure agility do not take into account the cognitive component of agility. Because these courses are preplanned, the athlete knows exactly where to move, meaning no reaction time or decision making is involved. Therefore, these common “agility tests” may not truly test agility; but rather, only the physical qualities involved in agility. These physical qualities (acceleration and change of direction), however, are the foundation of agi
Binomial nomenclature In modern usage, the first letter of the first part of the name, the genus, is always capitalized in writing, while that of the second part is not, even when derived from a proper noun such as the name of a person or place. Similarly, both parts are italicized when a binomial name occurs in normal text.
Nimrod, Montana Nimrod is an extinct town in Granite County, Montana. The GNIS classifies it as a populated place.
Nowhere. They stay in the water. The only difference is that if they're dead they pass right through you, whereas if they're alive, they're more inclined to infect you with whatever.
Japan has come up with [two methods](_URL_2_) that basically involve carefully disassembling the building floor-by-floor while supporting the remaining exterior shell with movable pistons. This can also be done using less high-tech methods, disassembling the top floor(s) manually and carting the debris down with whatever cranes or lifts are available.  [Explosive demolition](_URL_0_) is also used, with specific support beams being destroyed by carefully placed explosives so that the building collapses in on itself. There's a limit on how tall of a building can be demolished safely with this method, however, especially with other building very close by.  A third method is that you refit and refurbish the skyscraper instead of demolishing it, but that's a bit of a cop-out in the context of this question. The [47-story Singer Building](_URL_1_) is the tallest building to be deliberately demolished, as of now; all taller ones are still standing.
They're always the tastiest, but when you're drunk the voice in your head that would usually say "no that's bad for you" just says HUNGRY
Knot theory for self-indexed graphs
Clearwater, Florida Clearwater, Florida City City of Clearwater Old Pinellas County Courthouse Seal Location in Pinellas County and the state of Florida Coordinates: 27°58′25″N 82°45′51″WCoordinates: 27°58′25″N 82°45′51″WCountry United States State Florida County Pinellas Incorporated 1891Re-Incorporated May 27, 1915Government• Mayor George N. Cretekos Area [1]• City 39.96 sq mi (103.50 km 2)• Land 25.88 sq mi (67.03 km 2)• Water 14.08 sq mi (36.47 km 2)Elevation 30 ft (9 m)Population ( 2010)• City 107,685• Estimate (2016) [2] 114,361• Density 4,419.07/sq mi (1,706.18/km 2)• Metro 2,783,243Time zone Eastern (EST) ( UTC-5)• Summer ( DST) EDT ( UTC-4)ZIP Codes 33755–33769Area code (s) 727FIPS code 12-12875 [3]GNIS feature ID 0280543 [4]Website www .myclearwater .com A figure skater pictured at the Clearwater Ice Arena Clearwater is a city located in Pinellas County, Florida, United States, northwest of Tampa and St. Petersburg. To the west of Clearwater lies the Gulf of Mexico and to the southeast lies Tampa Bay. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 107,685. [5] Clearwater is the county seat of Pinellas County [6] and is the smallest of the three principal cities in the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater metropolitan area, most commonly referred to as the Tampa Bay Area. Cleveland Street is one of the city's historic avenues, and the city includes Spectrum Field and Coachman Park. The city is separated by the Intracoastal Waterway from Clearwater Beach. Clearwater is the home of Clearwater Marine Aquarium, where bottlenose dolphins Winter and Hope live. Clearwater is the worldwide spiritual headquarters for the Church of Scientology. [7]Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 Timeline2 Geography2.1 Downtown2.2 Climate3 Demographics3.1 Languages4 Economy5 Art and culture5.1 Annual events5.2 Tourism5.2.1 Clearwater Public Art and Design Program5.2.2 Capitol and Royalty Theatre5.2.3 Clearwater Public Library System6 Sports7 Parks and recreation8 Government9 Education10 Transportation10.1 Airport10.2 Public transportation10.3 Major roads11 Notable people12 Scientology13 Sister cities14 References15 Bibliography16 External links History [ edit]Clearwater at daybreak, as seen from Clearwater Beach Present-day Clearwater was originally the home of the Tocobaga people. Around 1835, the United States Army began construction of Fort Harrison, named after William Henry Harrison, as an outpost during the Seminole Wars. The fort was located on a bluff overlooking Clearwater Harbor, which later became part of an early 20th-century residential development called Harbor Oaks. University of South Florida archaeologists excavated the site in 1962 after Mark Wyllie discovered an under ground ammunition bunker while planting a tree in his yard. The area's population grew after the Federal Armed Occupation Act of 1842 offered 160 acres (0.65 km 2) to anyone who would bear arms and cultivate the land. Early settlers included the Stevens, Stevenson, Sever and Mc Mullen families, who claimed and farmed large tracts of land. Prior to 1906, the area was known as Clear Water Harbor. The name "Clear Water" is thought to have come from a fresh water spring flowing from near where the City Hall building is located today. There were many other freshwater springs that dotted the bluff, many in the bay or harbor itself. View north from Sand Key toward Clearwater Beach Originally part of Hillsborough County, the first road joining Clearwater and Tampa was built in 1849, which dramatically reduced the prior day-long commute between the cities. During the American Civil War, Union gunboats repeatedly raided the community's supplies, as most of the able-bodied men were away fighting for the Confederate Army. The town began developing in the late nineteenth century, prompted by Peter Demens ' completion of the first passenger railroad line into the city in 1888. Clearwater was incorporated in 1891, with James E. Crane becoming the first mayor. [8] The area's popularity as a vacation destination grew after railroad magnate Henry B. Plant built a sprawling Vic
- CoinTrackers.com has estimated the 1964 Lincoln Penny value at an average of 1 cent, one in certified mint state (MS+) could be worth $12. (see details)...
What is the Resonant frequency of gold? Previous answer: 1,729 MHz. There is no resonant frequency of gold. Gold does have an NMR frequency, which is 1.729MHz. All NMR frequencies are dependent on the ambient magnetic field, and gold's 1.729MHz is valid for a magnetic field of 2.35 Teslas, which is 45,000 times stronger than a typical Earth field strength.
When ice is under a lot of pressure, it melts. The blade concentrates your weight on a small area, which creates a larger amount of pressure on that area. A bit of the ice melts on top, and it's actually the water that's slippery.
Blackcomb edit ��
- The term Jim Crow originated in a song performed by Daddy Rice, a white minstrel show entertainer in the 1830s. Rice covered his face with charcoal paste or burnt cork to resemble a black man, and then sang and danced a routine in caricature of a silly black person.
Your nasal cavity is designed to humidify and heat the air you breathe in. It also traps dust and other things so that they don't enter your lungs. It doesn't matter as much when you're breathing out, and it's easier to expel air from your mouth.
- Medical conditions such as diabetes can cause foot cramps due to the lack of oxygen supplied to the feet. It is very important that you eat properly and get enough vitamins and minerals. A lack of potassium in your system can cause cramps in your feet and legs. Vitamin D is also important to healthy feet and bones.
- Definition of histogram: Step-column chart that displays a summary of the variations in (frequency distribution of) quantities (called Classes) that fall within certain lower and upper limits in a set of data. Classes are ...
Tuber magnatum pound ($2200–$4800 per kg); as of December 2009 they were being sold at $14,203.50 per kilogram. In November 1999, what was then the largest truffle in the world was found near Buje, Croatia. The truffle weighed and was entered in the "Guinness Book of Records". The record price paid for a single white truffle was set in December 2007, when Macau casino owner Stanley Ho paid $330,000 (£165,000) for a specimen weighing . One of the largest truffles found in decades, it was unearthed near Pisa, Italy, and sold at an auction held simultaneously in Macau, Hong Kong, and Florence.
Starting Salary for a Concept Artist for Video Games In 2012, multimedia artists earned an average of $69,560 a year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The top 10 percent of earners made more than $113,470, while the bottom 10 percent earned less than $34,860 annually. But none of these figures account for industry. A survey by Game Developer magazine found that video game artists and animators earned closer to $75,000 a year as of 2013. Experience Like any job, earnings vary by experience, and concept artists are no exception. In 2013, video game artists averaged starting salaries of $55,682, revealed the Game Developer survey. Those with three to six years of experience averaged $64,619, while those with six or more years of experience averaged $76,653.
- Transfer music and video files using Samsung Kies. 1  Install Samsung Kies and then launch the software on your PC. 2  Connect your Galaxy S4 to your PC using the USB data cable. 3  Click Music (or Videos) below a device name under Connected devices. 4  Click the + sign at the top right of the Kies screen.i. 1  Install Samsung Kies and then launch the software on your PC. 2  Connect your Galaxy S4 to your PC using the USB data cable. 3  Click Music (or Videos) below a device name under Connected devices. 4  Click the + sign at the top right of the Kies screen.
Any idea what could cause these graphical glitches? As titles suggest, I'm getting glitches like this one., this is on several applications, not just the desktop widgets.

I was kinda freaking out thinking it was a hardware problem, but the fact that they show up in a screenshot exactly as they are on screen would imply that it's not (wouldn't it?).
What do you guys think could cause this, faulty graphics driver? Anyone experience this or have any ideas what could make it stop?

EDIT: Thanks guys, upvotes for all etc.
I'm hoping it is just a Qt/KDE problem, although I've never seen it before, and it's an integrated Intel video card (on a laptop). memtest86 shows no problems and it hasn't come back since I restarted so hoping if it wasn't a software thing that it won't happen again, disabled compositing in KDE anyway just in case.
It Came From the River, Hungry for Humans (Burp) “The Host” is a loose, almost borderline messy film, one that sometimes feels like a mash-up of contrasting, at times warring movies, methods and moods. Mr. Bong would as soon have us shriek with laughter as with fright.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
"C'aveva" si può scrivere?
- Average Salary. The national average starting teacher salary is $36,141, while the average teacher salary in America (non-starting) is $56,383. Montana has the lowest starting salary: $27,274, while D.C. has the highest starting salary: $51,539. Coming in second is New Jersey at $48,631. New York has the highest average teacher salary: $75,279 and South Dakota has the lowest: $39,580.
Can you get a second hand high from someone smoking weed outside?
Wilton Circle The Wilton Circle were an influential group of 16th-century English poets, led by Mary Sidney. They were based at Wilton House, Wiltshire, which was run by the half-brother of Walter Raleigh. Sidney turned Wilton into a "paradise for poets", and the circle included Edmund Spenser, Michael Drayton, Sir John Davies and Samuel Daniel.
Peek Inside Donald Trump's Childhood Home Donald Trump's childhood home is up for sale in Jamaica Estates, New York. The Queens, New York home where the presidential hopeful lived as a baby is up for auction. The opening bid is $849,000.
CGM Files
How Much Does a Hot Tub Weigh When Empty? Home & Garden Outdoor Pools & Hot Tubs Q: How Much Does a Hot Tub Weigh When Empty? A: Quick Answer In general, empty hot tubs can weigh anywhere from 400 to 700 pounds. A 700-pound hot tub is usually designed to hold about 600 gallons. When full, a hot tub of this size weighs about 6,000 pounds and has space for six average-sized adults. Continue Reading Keep Learning What Are the Five Wires in Your Hot Tub? How Much Does a Hot Tub Weigh? How Long Can You Stay in a Hot Tub? Credit: Paolo Cipriani E+ Getty Images Full Answer Some hot tubs that fall outside of this weight range. For example, the Swim Spa designed by Spa Manufacturers, Inc., weighs about 2,400 pounds and can hold up to 1,200 gallons of water. Spa Manufacturers also sells a smaller 5-foot by 7-foot spa-style hot tub that weighs 300 pounds when empty and can be filled with 150 gallons of water. Learn more about Pools & Hot Tubs Sources: spamanufacturers.com cedartubs.com Related Questions Q: What Is the Best Hot Tub to Buy? A: In a 2013 Readers' Choice List compiled by Lisa Hallett Taylor for About, Coast Spas was named as the best brand of hot tubs to buy. Runners-up included Bu... Full Answer >Filed Under: Pools & Hot Tubs Q: What Types of Wires Are Used to Feed a Hot Tub? A: Most hot tubs are powered using 240 volts with alternating current, according to Spa Depot. Standard 240 volt wires in the United States are red for hot, b... Full Answer >Filed Under: Pools & Hot Tubs Q: What Are Some Highly Rated Hot Tubs? A: Some highly-rated hot tubs as of 2015 are the Garden Spas Azalea, Hot Spring SX, Bullfrog Spas A Series A6L, Sundance Spas Constance and Dimension One Spas ... Full Answer >Filed Under: Pools & Hot Tubs Q: What Are Some Features of Award-Winning Pools? A: Award-winning pools may include unusual shapes, water features, infinity edges and hot tubs. Many builders consider the landscaping as important as the act... Full Answer >Filed Under: Pools & Hot Tubs You May Also Like Q: What Are Some Ways to Fix Leaky Hot Tubs? Q: How Do You Reduce Calcium Hardness in Pool Water? Q: How Many Gallons Are There in a Pool? Q: What Are Some Styles of Outdoor Showers for a Backyard Pool? Q: What Pool-Deck Surface Material Stays Cool to the Touch? Q: How Do Solar Swimming Pool Pumps Work? 
- Uses: Neon is used glow lamps, electron tubes, signs, plasma studies, fluorescent starter tubes, cryogenic refrigeration and gas lasers.Neon is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless monatomic gas, belonging to the Group VIIIA elements, called noble gases.ses: Neon is used glow lamps, electron tubes, signs, plasma studies, fluorescent starter tubes, cryogenic refrigeration and gas lasers.
Only congress can **declare** war but that does not stop the commander an chief from deploying troops. News outlets can use whatever labels they see fit - it does not make it congressional official. In 1973, following the withdrawal from Vietnam, congress passed the "War Powers Resolution of 1973." The intent was to add a check/balance to the commander and chief's ability to deploy military forces. It basically requires congressional approval if military forces are engaged for a specific amount of time and requires congress be notified. If congress declares war - the president no longer needs congressional approval to move forces.
We can, and do, all the time. Go out to your car. Turn on the engine. Congratulations, you're combining oxygen from the air with hydrogen from the gasoline to make water. However, the more salient point is that it's cheaper and more environmentally friendly to filter the very abundant sources of water on this planet -- even the sea water -- than it is to dig up oil or chop down trees and and burn them just to get water.
What causes a razor burn?
The state of California was admitted to the United States in 1850. That same year San Diego was designated the seat of the newly established San Diego County and was incorporated as a city. Joshua H. Bean, the last alcalde of San Diego, was elected the first mayor. Two years later the city was bankrupt; the California legislature revoked the city's charter and placed it under control of a board of trustees, where it remained until 1889. A city charter was re-established in 1889 and today's city charter was adopted in 1931.
Free Shareholder Agreement Free Shareholder Agreement Answer a few simple questions Print and download instantly Takes just 5-10 minutes Corporation Information Name: Address: City: State: ZIP Code Create My Document Frequently Asked Questions What is a close corporation? Your Shareholder Agreement Update Preview SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENTTHIS SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT made this 2nd day of April, 2018,BETWEEN:_________________________ of _________________________, ____________________, _______________ __________OF THE FIRST PARTand_________________________ of _________________________, ____________________, _______________ __________OF THE SECOND PARTand_________________________ of _________________________, ____________________, Washington __________ (the "Corporation")OF THE THIRD PARTBACKGROUND: The Corporation is incorporated under the Washington Business Corporation Act (the "Act"). The Act permits the Shareholders to enter into a shareholder agreement in writing to restrict the powers of the directors of the Corporation to manage the business and affairs of the Corporation and to confer certain of the powers normally possessed by the directors of the Corporation on the Shareholders. The Shareholders have decided to enter into this agreement (the "Agreement") to govern their respective interests, obligations, liabilities, ownership and rights in the Corporation and to provide for the better government of the Corporation. All of the Shareholders have executed this Agreement. The Corporation has executed this Agreement for the purpose of acknowledging notice of this Agreement and, where permitted by law, for the purpose of agreeing to give effect to the terms of this Agreement. IN CONSIDERATION OF the premises and mutual covenants and agreements in this Agreement, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: Interpretation In this Agreement"Articles" means the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation or Articles of Amalgamation, as the case may be;"Board" means the board of directors of the Corporation;"Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday or statutory holiday;"By-laws" means the by-laws of the Corporation as of the date of this Agreement and as may be amended from time to time;"Fair Market Value" means the fair market value as determined by this Agreement;"Financial Statements" means the financial statements of the Corporation, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;"Party" or "Parties" means all of the Shareholders and the Corporation;"Share" or "Shares" refers to one or more shares in the capital of the Corporation;"Shareholder" means any one of the Shareholders who is or later becomes a Shareholder in the Corporation;"Shareholders" mean any two or more of the Shareholders who are or later become Shareholders in the Corporation. Shareholder Agreement This Agreement restricts the Board's power to manage and supervise the Corporation to the extent necessary to effect the Shareholders' objectives as such objectives are set out in this Agreement and transfers such powers to the Shareholders. The Shareholders acknowledge that to the extent the Board's powers are restricted and transferred to the Shareholders, the obligations and liabilities of the Board, and the individual directors thereon, are also transferred to the Shareholders. By-laws and Articles The By-laws will be read as being subject to the provisions of this Agreement. The By-laws will not be amended or repealed except by written Agreement of all of the Shareholders. The Articles will be read as being subject to the provisions of this Agreement. The Articles will not be amended or repealed except by written Agreement of all of the Shareholders. Warranties The Corporation warrants that it has the necessary corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Each Shareholder warrants that he or she is not prevented by reason of law or any other contractual agreement from entering into this Agreement. Management of the Corporati
This Amazon customer review text does not contain any counterfactual statements.
- By Jennifer Rosenberg. The Versailles Treaty, signed on June 28, 1919, was the peace settlement between Germany and the Allied Powers that officially ended World War I.n June 28, 1919, exactly five years after the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, Germany's representatives Hermann Mueller müller And Johannes bell signed The Versailles treaty in The hall Of mirrors in The palace Of versailles Near, Paris. france
/u/the_alaskan has an [excellent comment on the history of Supreme Court confirmations](_URL_0_).
Fit for a King, but a King Might Not Fit King Mattress. The king size mattress dimensions are 76 inches wide by approximately 80 inches long – about 18 inches wider than a queen. This is the closest a couple can come to having as much personal space (38 inches) as each would have on a twin bed.
Play the music.
Which Exercise Burns the Most Fat? Which Exercise Burns the Most Fat? When we want to lose weight, we often tend to ask which exercise burns the most fat. In this Buzzle write up we will see simple fat-burning exercises, which can help lose weight fast. Tagged Under: Fat Burning Advertisement Weight loss process, although not very difficult, can become difficult for a number of people. It can be attributed to the fact, that we are ill-informed about a number of things. There are two main pillars of any weight loss program. They are exercises and healthy diet. Often it is seen, that people concentrate only on one aspect of the program. They either diet, and have no place for workouts in their daily schedule, or they exercise, but do not follow any kind of diet. However, note that for an effective and long-lasting weight loss both the aspects have to be followed to the 'T'. Simple Exercises to Burn the Most Fat Fast Now that we have established that exercises are important for weight loss, the question arises which exercise burns the most fat. There are two main types of exercises, cardiovascular exercises (lead to increases heart rate and metabolism) and strength training exercises (involve use of free weights or weight machines). When you go to a gym, you will be given an exercise plan, which often is a combination of both these exercises. Walking Exercise Most of us have a tendency to underestimate the benefits of walking. Although it may be a less strenuous form of exercise, it is known to burn a lot of calories. However, it is important that you do brisk walking and not as though you are strolling in the garden. Walking just for 30 minutes will help you to burn 180 calories. To add more intensity to the walking exercise, you can combine climbing hills or sprinting with walking. Running and Jogging One of the best cardiovascular exercises is running and jogging. Other than time, you will only have to invest in a good pair of running shoes for this cardio exercise. It is said to be the best exercise that burns the most belly fat. Running or jogging for about 30 minutes will help to burn approximately 300 calories. However, it is important not to run on hard surfaces, as it can cause injury to the ankles and knees. Jumping Rope It is one of the traditional cardiovascular exercises. It is a simple, yet very effective exercise to burn fat. One will not have to invest more than 15 to 20 minutes a day on this exercise. It is known to give a full body workout. It's not only good for cardiovascular endurance, but it also helps to enhance performance in any sport. Among the jumping rope benefits are eye-hand coordination, lateral movement, foot and hand speed, and not to forget agility. Jumping rope is a great cardio exercises to do at home. Swimming Swimming is a full body exercise. It can also be used for cross training, along with other cardio exercises. One can use the different strokes to get better results, and to bring variety in your exercise routine. Rock Climbing It is one of the best fat-burning exercises, hence should be a part of the cardiovascular workout. It also helps to strengthen arms and legs. One can go rock climbing over the weekend for the exercise of the entire week, when you are not able to spare time for exercise. Elliptical Trainer With this exercise equipment you will be able to burn a lot of fat. Along with being a great cardio exercise, it also helps to build endurance. There are different programs you can choose from. There are varying speeds, which you can make use of as well. Initially you can start with low intensity, and eventually add more intensity to the program either in terms of speed, or incline, or even both. Step Aerobics Step aerobics is often the chosen aerobic activity in the gyms. It helps to work legs, hips, and gluteal muscles. Combine it with some upper body movements to work the upper body as well. Bicycling This is one of the most popular cardiovascular activities. You can go cycling in nature, and reap the bicycle exercise benefits. If you do not have the regular bicycle, then
Yes, if the call expires worthless, leaving you with stock. Then you can exercise your put when the stock goes below put strike price.
Shrouded Armor Enchantments Description. Last updated at 17:18, 22 Jan 2012 Uploaded at 1:44, 9 Jan 2012. Update 1.03 By request I Added Muffle Enchantment.esp that allows you to disenchant the Shrouded Boots, and the Shrouded Shoes to gain the Muffle enchantment. Update 1.02: This mod is now working on it's own. This mod allows you to learn the Backstab enchantment, and the Muffle enchantment from disenchanting peises from the Dark Brotherhood armor Shrouded Armor set. The Backstab enchantment works only with gloves, boots, bracers, rings, and amulets.
The Eastern Roman Emperor Justinian certainly made the attempt. He was able to have his military forces crush the Vandals in modern Tunisia and recapture Carthage. He also recovered the south eastern portion of Spain from the Visogoths  and fought a very long, twenty year war against Ostrogoths, recapturing most of the Italian peninsula. Unfortunately, shortly after the Ostrogoths were destroyed,  the Lombards invaded Italy and overran much of the Italian peninsula. The Eastern Roman Empire were able to retain Ravenna for a long time, but they lost control of Rome rather quickly.     Sources: "A History of the Ostrogoths" by Thomas Burns    "Atlas of Medieval Europe" by Donald Matthew
- Map showing location of Lake Okeechobee. Lake Okeechobee is located in central southern Florida, north of the Everglades and south of Orlando. Lake Okeechobee links the Atlantic and Gulf sides of Florida via the Port Mayaca Lock on the east side of the lake and the Moore Haven Lock on the lake’s western side.
I am actually the complete opposite.. so I think you got the whole movement thing wrong. When you suck air in, your lung expand and the expansion of your lung/chest causes your neck so move you head back as a slight balancing.. not that you actually need to do it. When you blow, psychologically, you are trying to blow in a forward direction and thus, your move your head forward to facilitate the action..
Wonder Woman Wonder Woman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . The character is a founding member of the Justice League , demigoddess , warrior princess , and Ambassador-at-Large of the Amazonian people . In her homeland , she is Princess Diana of Themyscira , and outside of her homeland , she is known by her civilian identity Diana Prince .   Wonder Woman was created by the American psychologist and writer William Moulton Marston , and artist Harry G. Peter . Marston and his wife Elizabeth 's cohabitant , Olive Byrne , is credited as being his inspiration for the character 's appearance . Marston drew a great deal of inspiration from early feminists , and especially from birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger . The character first appeared in All Star Comics # 8 in October 1941 and first cover-dated on Sensation Comics # 1 , January 1942 . The Wonder Woman title has been published by DC Comics almost continuously except for a brief hiatus in 1986 .   Wonder Woman 's origin story relates that she was sculpted from clay by her mother Queen Hippolyta and given life by Aphrodite , along with superhuman powers as gifts by the Greek Gods . However , in recent years artists updated her profile : she has been depicted as the daughter of Zeus , and jointly raised by her mother Hippolyta and her aunts Antiope and Menalippe ; artists George Perez gave her a muscular look and emphasized her Amazonian heritage ; artist Jim Lee redesigned Diana 's costume to include pants ; she inherits Ares 's divine abilities , becoming the personified `` God of War '' ; and writer Greg Rucka clarified her sexual orientation as bisexual , giving her a backstory that includes positive relationships with women .   Her Amazonian training helped to develop a wide range of extraordinary skills in strategy , hunting , and combat . She possesses an arsenal of advanced technology , including the Lasso of Truth , a pair of indestructible bracelets , a tiara which serves as a projectile , and , in older stories , a range of devices based on Amazon technology . Wonder Woman was created during World War II ; the character was initially depicted fighting Axis military forces as well as an assortment of colorful supervillains , although over time her stories came to place greater emphasis on characters , deities , and monsters from Greek mythology . Many stories depicted Wonder Woman rescuing herself from bondage , which defeated the `` damsels in distress '' trope that was common in comics during the 1940s . In the decades since her debut , Wonder Woman has gained a formidable cast of enemies bent on eliminating the Amazon , including classic villains such as Ares , Cheetah , Doctor Poison , Circe , Doctor Psycho , and Giganta , along with more recent adversaries such as Veronica Cale . Wonder Woman has also regularly appeared in comic books featuring the superhero teams Justice Society ( from 1941 ) and Justice League ( from 1960 ) .   Notable depictions of the character in other media include Gloria Steinem placing the character on the cover of Ms. magazine in 1971 ; the 1975 -- 1979 Wonder Woman TV series starring Lynda Carter ; as well as animated series such as the Super Friends and Justice League . Since Carter 's television series , studios struggled to introduce a new live-action Wonder Woman to audiences , although the character continued to feature in a variety of toys and merchandise , as well as animated adaptations of DC properties , including a direct-to-DVD animated feature . Attempts to return Wonder Woman to television have included a television pilot for NBC in 2011 , closely followed by another stalled production for The CW . Gal Gadot portrays Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe , starting with the 2016 film Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , marking the character 's feature film debut after over 70 years of history . Gadot will also star in the character 's first solo live-action film Wonder Woman , set to be released on June 2 , 2017 .   On October 21 , 2016 , the United Nations sparked
- Find Bonita Springs, FL clerk, including county, city, and circuit clerk, and clerk of court. Clerks x Florida x Lee County x Bonita Springs x.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Cheesesteak magazine declared "The only thing nearly everybody can agree on is that it all has to be piled onto a fresh, locally baked Amoroso roll." American cheese, Cheez Whiz, and provolone are the most commonly used cheeses or cheese products put on to the Philly cheesesteak. White American cheese, along with provolone cheese, are the favorites due to their mild flavor and medium consistency. Some establishments melt the American cheese to achieve the creamy consistency, while others place slices over the meat, letting them melt slightly under the heat. "Philadelphia Inquirer" restaurant critic Craig LaBan says "Provolone is for aficionados,
Are Legal Fees Tax Deductible? The quick and simple answer is that attorney fees for personal legal matters, such as divorce, are not tax deductible. However if your attorney fees are a business expense, then they are fully deductible. The general rule is that you can deduct attorney fee's that you pay for if: 1  Trying to produce or collect taxable income. 2  To help determine, collect, or obtain a refund of any tax.
Cellulose acetate Cellulose acetate is the acetate ester of cellulose. It was first prepared in 1865. Cellulose acetate is used as a film base in photography, as a component in some coatings, and as a frame material for eyeglasses; it is also used as a synthetic fiber in the manufacture of cigarette filters and playing cards.aul Schuetzenberger schützenberger discovered that cellulose could react with acetic anhydride to form cellulose acetate in. 1865 The german Chemists Arthur eichengruen Eichengrün And theodore becker invented the first soluble forms of cellulose acetate. in 1903
Boeing B-52 Stratofortress "B-52" and "BUFF" redirect here. For other uses, see B-52 (disambiguation) and BUFF (disambiguation). B-52 Stratofortress A B-52H from Barksdale AFB flying over desert Role Strategic bomber National origin United States Manufacturer Boeing First flight 15 April 1952Introduction February 1955Status In service Primary users United States Air Force NASAProduced 1952–1962Number built 744 [1]Unit cost B-52B: US$14.43 million (1956); [2] ($99.9 million in 2016) [3] B-52H: US$9.28M (1962); [4] ($57.8 million in 2016) [3]Developed into Conroy Virtus The Boeing B-52 Stratofortress is an American long-range, subsonic, jet-powered strategic bomber. The B-52 was designed and built by Boeing, which has continued to provide support and upgrades. It has been operated by the United States Air Force (USAF) since the 1950s. The bomber is capable of carrying up to 70,000 pounds (32,000 kg) of weapons, [5] and has a typical combat range of more than 8,800 miles (14,080 km) without aerial refueling. [6]Beginning with the successful contract bid in June 1946, the B-52 design evolved from a straight wing aircraft powered by six turboprop engines to the final prototype YB-52 with eight turbojet engines and swept wings. The B-52 took its maiden flight in April 1952. Built to carry nuclear weapons for Cold War -era deterrence missions, the B-52 Stratofortress replaced the Convair B-36. A veteran of several wars, the B-52 has dropped only conventional munitions in combat. The B-52's official name Stratofortress is rarely used; informally, the aircraft has become commonly referred to as the BUFF (Big Ugly Fat Fucker). [7] [8] [Note 1]The B-52 has been in active service with the USAF since 1955. As of December 2015, 58 were in active service with 18 in reserve. [10] The bombers flew under the Strategic Air Command (SAC) until it was disestablished in 1992 and its aircraft absorbed into the Air Combat Command (ACC); in 2010 all B-52 Stratofortresses were transferred from the ACC to the newly created Air Force Global Strike Command (AFGSC). Superior performance at high subsonic speeds and relatively low operating costs have kept the B-52 in service despite the advent of later, more advanced aircraft, including the canceled Mach 3 B-70 Valkyrie, the variable-geometry B-1 Lancer, and the stealth B-2 Spirit. The B-52 completed sixty years of continuous service with its original operator in 2015. After being upgraded between 2013 and 2015, it is expected to serve into the 2050s. [Note 2]Contents [ hide ]1 Development1.1 Origins1.2 Design effort1.3 Pre-production and production1.4 Upgrades2 Design2.1 Overview2.2 Flight controls2.3 Avionics2.4 Armament2.5 Engines2.5.1 Engine retrofit2.6 Costs3 Operational history3.1 Introduction3.2 Cold War3.3 Vietnam War3.3.1 Air-to-air combat3.4 Post Vietnam service3.5 Gulf War and later3.6 Recent service4 Variants5 Operators6 Notable accidents7 Aircraft on display8 Specifications (B-52H)9 Notable appearances in media10 See also11 References11.1 Notes11.2 Citations11.3 Bibliography12 External links Development [ edit]Origins [ edit]Models 462 (1946) [15] to 464-35 (1948) [15]Models 464-49 (1949) [15] to B-52A (1952)On 23 November 1945, Air Materiel Command (AMC) issued desired performance characteristics for a new strategic bomber "capable of carrying out the strategic mission without dependence upon advanced and intermediate bases controlled by other countries". [16] The aircraft was to have a crew of five or more turret gunners, and a six-man relief crew. It was required to cruise at 300 mph (260 knots, 480 km/h) at 34,000 feet (10,400 m) with a combat radius of 5,000 miles (4,300 nautical miles, 8,000 km). The armament was to consist of an unspecified number of 20 mm cannon and 10,000 pounds (4,500 kg) of bombs. [17] On 13 February 1946, the Air Force issued bid invitations for these specifications, with Boeing, Consolidated Aircraft, and Glenn L. Martin Company submitting proposals. [17]On 5 June 1946, Boeing's Model 462, a straight-wing aircraft powered by six Wright T35 turboprops with a g
Argos (dog) manure, infested with fleas, old and very tired. This is a sharp contrast to the dog Odysseus left behind; Argos used to be known for his speed and strength and his superior tracking skills. Unlike everyone else, including Eumaios, a lifelong friend, Argos recognizes Odysseus at once and he has just enough strength to drop his ears and wag his tail but cannot get up to greet his master. Unable to greet his beloved dog, as this would betray who he really was, Odysseus passes by (but not without shedding a tear) and enters his hall, and Argos dies. The
I would also say that, in North America, we DO have many colorful and attractive songbirds that are commonly seen. We have Cardinals, Orioles, Jays, Buntings, Grosbeaks, Finches and even some species of Blackbirds that are brightly colored and beautiful, and also not hard to find even in your own backyard. But I think many people are so used to them that we don't notice.  On a more ecological note, I think the "thousands of blackbirds" that you commonly see just happen to be the species that are "habitat generalists". That is, they are happy living in environments heavily occupied and modified by humans. Like other answers here have said, it's possible that being less colorful gives them an evolutionary advantage in these habitats. But this is mostly speculation. Source: I'm an ecologist.
Making Your Healthy GERD Diet for Acid Reflux Add it to your GERD diet food, eat it candied, drink it as a tea, or take in capsule form following a meal. 5. Apple Cider Vinegar. This is one of the most popular home remedies and is effective because it contains enzymes known to prevent acid reflux and heartburn.
This question cannot be answered, because the premise is flawed. Nothing can go faster than the speed of light, so there is no answer to this.
Laetrile Laetrile Amygdalin Against allopathy Alternative medicine Clinically unproven Barefoot running Bioidentical hormone replacement therapy Cancer Treatment Centers of America Gaia Health Geier family Geophagia Homéopathie Homöopathie Kevin Trudeau PH woo Psychomagic Robin Falkov Shark cartilage Sources of cancer information Theta healing Vitalismv - t - e Laetrile, or laevomandelonitrile, is a trade name used for a synthetic form of amygdalin, a cyanogen compound found in the seeds of stone fruits of the Prunus genus (particularly apricots) that has been sold as a cancer cure for many years by quacks. In the last few years, it's often misrepresented as vitamin B 17 (even though it's not a vitamin ). Laetrile can refer to two different substances: amygdalin, which occurs naturally in apricot and peach pits and in miniscule amounts in some foods (bitter almonds, brewer's yeast, buckwheat, sorghum, apple seeds, etc. ), and synthetic Laetrile, a distinct but chemically related substance. The "laetrile" obtained in Mexico is usually in fact amygdalin. Laetrile treatment is generally associated with the expat altie community in Mexico, and is not approved for use in the United States [1] due to a lack of evidence that it produces any effect other than mild [2] cyanide poisoning in the patient. In the State of Indiana, a physician may prescribe "amygdalin (laetrile)" for use as a " dietary supplement ". [3]Contents [ hide ]1 Hypothesised mechanism2 Sad reality3 See also4 Literature5 External links6 References Hypothesised mechanism [ edit]The intent of using laetrile against cancer is that the cyanide would be liberated as the amygdalin was metabolized by the body, and that the cyanide would kill cancer cells. According to this claim, laetrile would break down into cyanide and two other substances, being glucose and benzaldehyde, only in the presence of an enzyme released by cancer cells which the cyanide would then attack; the laetrile would allegedly remain intact in the presence of healthy, non-cancerous cells. Sad reality [ edit]In practice, this has not been shown to happen; in fact, where laetrile breaks down into three substances, including cyanide, is in the small intestine, and several scientific studies have shown it to be completely useless as a cancer treatment. Laetrile fans often cite anecdotal evidence of individual cases where laetrile appeared to work, but in every case where a sufficiently large sample size was studied, laetrile has not been shown to be effective (i.e., no statistically significant results). Laetrile is still presented as a "suppressed" treatment by many conspiratorially-minded quacks. Then there is the fact that eating tons of fruit seeds is a common suicide practice because it allows for a quick death due to overdose of cyanide. In at least one case a man attempted to keep his prostate cancer in remission wound up poisoning himself. [4] There really is nothing holding you back from dying via those seeds: fruit is not a controlled substance . See also [ edit]Pseudovitamin Bullshit Literature [ edit]Braico KT. Humbert JR. Terplan KL, et al. : Laetrile intoxication: report of a fatal case. New Engl. J. Med. 238 240,1979Milazzo, S. et al. (2006): Laetrile for cancer: a systematic review of the clinical evidence. Supportive Care in Cancer. 15 (6), p. 583–595. Herbert, V. (1979): Laetrile: the cult of cyanide. Promoting poison for profit. Am. J. Clin. Nutr. Bd. 32, S. 1121-58. PMID 219680 PDF'Unproven Methods of Cancer Management. Laetrile. In: 1991, CA Cancer J. Clin. Bd. 41, p. 187-192. PMID 1902140 PDFMoertel, C. G., et al. (1982): A clinical trial of amygdalin (Laetrile) in the treatment of human cancer. N. Engl. J. Med. Bd. 306, p. 201-206. PMID 7033783Brant J, Graceffa J: Rutherford, Priviteria, and Chad Green: Laetrile's setbacks in the courts. Am. J. Law Med. 1980 Summer;6 (2):151-71Irving J. Lerner: Laetrile: A Lesson in Cancer Quackery. CA Cancer J. Clin. 1981; 31:91-95. doi: 10.3322External links [ edit]See the Wikipedia article on amygdalin. History of laetrile at Quackwatch Nati
What are your views on railway budget being merged with the general budget?
It makes no difference. There's nothing for the cold drink to "constrict" that would impart a negative effect. If anything, the heat will break down some of the vitamin C in the lemon juice, thereby slightly reducing its health benefits.
What is formed when two complementary angles share one ray?. . A. the complementary angles form a line with the shared ray . . B. the complementary angles form a right angle with the shared ray . . C. the complementary angles form vertical angles with the shared ray . . D. the complementary angles form an obtuse angle with the shared ray. . The answer is B right??? High School Mathematics 5 points What is formed when two complementary angles share one ray?. . A. the complementary angles form a line with the shared ray . . B. the complementary angles form a right angle with the shared ray . . C. the complementary angles form vertical angles with the shared ray . . D. the complementary angles form an obtuse angle with the shared ray. . The answer is B right??? Ask for details Follow Reportby Jc3hringunnyjohn 07/18/2016Only registered members have access to verified answers Join now Answers Try Me Helping Hand Two complimentary angles share one ray, the complimentary angles form a right angle with the shared ray. The answer is B. This is because two complementary angles are those which add up to 90 degrees. Since A and B are complementary, they are both 90 degrees, creating a right angle. Comments Report4.5 2 votes Thanks 2The Brain Helper Not sure about the answer? See next answers Learn more with Brainly!Having trouble with your homework? Get free help!80% of questions are answered in under 10 minutes Answers come with explanations, so that you can learn Answer quality is ensured by our experts I want a free account! 
Overview Print Overview Inflamed tonsils Tonsillitis is inflammation of the tonsils, two oval-shaped pads of tissue at the back of the throat — one tonsil on each side. Signs and symptoms of tonsillitis include swollen tonsils, sore throat, difficulty swallowing and tender lymph nodes on the sides of the neck. Most cases of tonsillitis are caused by infection with a common virus, but bacterial infections also may cause tonsillitis. Because appropriate treatment for tonsillitis depends on the cause, it's important to get a prompt and accurate diagnosis. Surgery to remove tonsils, once a common procedure to treat tonsillitis, is usually performed only when bacterial tonsillitis occurs frequently, doesn't respond to other treatments or causes serious complications. Symptoms Tonsillitis most commonly affects children between preschool ages and the mid-teenage years. Common signs and symptoms of tonsillitis include: Red, swollen tonsils White or yellow coating or patches on the tonsils Sore throat Difficult or painful swallowing Fever Enlarged, tender glands (lymph nodes) in the neck A scratchy, muffled or throaty voice Bad breath Stomachache, particularly in younger children Stiff neck Headache In young children who are unable to describe how they feel, signs of tonsillitis may include: Drooling due to difficult or painful swallowing Refusal to eat Unusual fussiness When to see a doctor It's important to get an accurate diagnosis if your child has symptoms that may indicate tonsillitis. Call your doctor if your child is experiencing: A sore throat that doesn't go away within 24 to 48 hours Painful or difficult swallowing Extreme weakness, fatigue or fussiness Get immediate care if your child has any of these symptoms: Difficulty breathing Extreme difficulty swallowing Drooling Request an Appointment at Mayo Clinic Causes Tonsillitis is most often caused by common viruses, but bacterial infections can also be the cause. The most common bacterium causing tonsillitis is Streptococcus pyogenes (group A streptococcus), the bacterium that causes strep throat. Other strains of strep and other bacteria also may cause tonsillitis. Why do tonsils get infected? The tonsils are the immune system's first line of defense against bacteria and viruses that enter your mouth. This function may make the tonsils particularly vulnerable to infection and inflammation. However, the tonsil's immune system function declines after puberty — a factor that may account for the rare cases of tonsillitis in adults. Risk factors Risk factors for tonsillitis include: Young age. Tonsillitis most often occurs in children, but rarely in those younger than age 2. Tonsillitis caused by bacteria is most common in children ages 5 to 15, while viral tonsillitis is more common in younger children. Frequent exposure to germs. School-age children are in close contact with their peers and frequently exposed to viruses or bacteria that can cause tonsillitis. Complications Inflammation or swelling of the tonsils from frequent or ongoing (chronic) tonsillitis can cause complications such as: Difficulty breathing Disrupted breathing during sleep (obstructive sleep apnea)Infection that spreads deep into surrounding tissue (tonsillar cellulitis)Infection that results in a collection of pus behind a tonsil (peritonsillar abscess)Strep infection If tonsillitis caused by group A streptococcus or another strain of streptococcal bacteria isn't treated, or if antibiotic treatment is incomplete, your child has an increased risk of rare disorders such as: Rheumatic fever, an inflammatory disorder that affects the heart, joints and other tissues Poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis, an inflammatory disorder of the kidneys that results in inadequate removal of waste and excess fluids from blood Prevention The germs that cause viral and bacterial tonsillitis are contagious. Therefore, the best prevention is to practice good hygiene. Teach your child to: Wash his or her hands thoroughly and frequently, especially after using the toilet and before eating Avoid sharing food, drinking glas
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
List of Georgia area codes Georgia was first supplied with only one area code, 404, in 1947. In 1954, 912 was given to its southern and central areas. The state would operate with two area codes until May 3, 1992, when 706 was created for the two separate areas outside of the metro Atlanta area.lip-flopping on its position on assigning new area codes, the Georgia Public Service Commission dictated that a double split of 912 would occur after that, with 229 and 478 being applied to southwest Georgia and central Georgia in August 2000.
Surface Book 2 Surface Book 2 The Surface Book 2 is a 2-in-1 PC designed and produced by Microsoft, part of the company's Surface line of personal computing. It was unveiled on October 17, 2017 and released on November 16, 2017. It succeeds the Surface Book released in October 2015. Like the Surface Book, the Surface Book 2 is shipped with a keyboard. It contains two USB 3.0 Generation 1 ports, a USB-C port, 3.5mm headphone jack, full-size SD card slot on the left and two "SurfaceConnect" ports (one in the tablet, one in the base). The front camera contains an infrared sensor
My slave 1 needed a backdrop. just need to work out how to mount it to the frame.
How do i work out my annual salary from my hourly rate? Best Answer: Multiply your hourly rate by the amount of hours you do per week. Then multiply that by 52 weeks. That gives you your annual salary. To get your monthly salary, just divide your annual figure by 12 or for 4 weekly salary, by 13.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens Star Wars : The Force Awakens ( also known as Star Wars : Episode VII -- The Force Awakens ) is a 2015 American epic space opera film directed , co-produced , and co-written by J. J. Abrams . The direct sequel to 1983 's Return of the Jedi , The Force Awakens is the first installment of the Star Wars sequel trilogy , and stars Harrison Ford , Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher , Adam Driver , Daisy Ridley , John Boyega , Oscar Isaac , Lupita Nyong ` o , Andy Serkis , Domhnall Gleeson , Anthony Daniels , Peter Mayhew , and Max von Sydow . Produced by Lucasfilm Ltd. and Abrams ' production company Bad Robot Productions and distributed worldwide by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures , The Force Awakens marks a break in creative control from the original series as the first Star Wars film not produced by franchise creator George Lucas . Set 30 years after Return of the Jedi , it follows Rey , Finn and Poe Dameron 's search for Luke Skywalker and their fight alongside the Resistance , led by veterans of the Rebel Alliance , against Kylo Ren and the First Order , a successor organization to the Galactic Empire .   The Force Awakens was announced after The Walt Disney Company 's acquisition of Lucasfilm in October 2012 . It was produced by Abrams , his longtime collaborator Bryan Burk , and Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy . Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan , co-writer of the original trilogy films The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 ) and Return of the Jedi ( 1983 ) , rewrote an initial script by Michael Arndt . John Williams , composer for the previous six films , returned to compose the film 's score . Lucas served as creative consultant during the film 's early production . Filming began in April 2014 in Abu Dhabi and Iceland , with principal photography also taking place in Ireland and Pinewood Studios in England , and concluded in November 2014 . It is the first live-action film in the franchise since Star Wars : Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith , released ten years prior in 2005 .   Star Wars : The Force Awakens was widely anticipated , and Disney backed the film with extensive marketing campaigns . It premiered in Los Angeles on December 14 , 2015 , four days before its wide release . The film received positive reviews , with its ensemble cast , direction , musical score , visual effects , and action sequences receiving particular praise , though it received some criticism for being derivative of the original trilogy . The film broke various box office records and became , unadjusted for inflation , the highest-grossing installment in the franchise , the highest-grossing film in North America , and the third-highest-grossing film of all time , with a worldwide gross of over $ 2 billion and a net profit of over $ 780 million . It received five Academy Award nominations and four British Academy Film Award nominations , where it won Best Special Visual Effects . Two sequels , The Last Jedi and Episode IX , are scheduled for release in 2017 and 2019 , respectively .
Alison Moyet Geneviève Alison Jane Moyet ( ; born 18 June 1961) is an English singer, songwriter and performer noted for her bluesy contralto voice. She came to prominence as half of the duo Yazoo, but has since mainly worked as a solo artist.
The keyfob sends a number to your car. The number is known to your car when the two are "paired" at the factory. Just like the key to your car, your fob will open other cars, but it's a 1 in 50,000 sort of chance. The odds of two matching cars being within 50m of each other is small enough.
Barber School Cost Medium: $2,000-$4,000 High: $11,000+E-mail Post Tweet Barbers cut, style and color hair, mostly for male clients and in barbershops or hair salons. Barbers may also offer skin and nail services for men, such as manicures and facials. Demand for barbers is expected to grow over the next decade, according to the federal government's Occupational Outlook Handbook [ 1] . The average barber earns about $11 per hour or $22,500 annually. Typical costs: Community colleges and private technical schools offer barbering programs. Program costs vary significantly by school, from around $2,000 to more than $11,000. All reputable programs are geared towards preparing students to pass state licensing exams. On the higher end of the scale, at Dayton Barber College [ 2] in Ohio, a private technical school, tuition is more than $11,000 for a 1,800 hour course, including books and fees. On the lower end of the scale, Atlas Barber College in New York City charges about $2,500 for a 17-week course, including books and fees. For in-state students, community colleges can offer significantly lower tuition costs for longer programs that result in a certificate or degree. The tuition at such programs can be comparable to the costs at the less expensive private barbering schools. At Callhoun Community College in Alabama, for example, tuition is about $1,000 a semester for a three-semester program and results in an associate's degree. Books costs for barbering programs are what students usually pay at community colleges, several hundred dollars per semester. Related articles: Hairstylist Training, Bartending School, Makeup Artist School, Esthetician School, Community College What should be included: Programs should help students meet state requirements for licensing. Courses should allow students to prepare for their exams, finish practical hours and leave with required in-class training. Classes include training in hair styling, perms, hair color, shaving, and nail and skincare. Students also study basic anatomy and learn how to meet sanitary requirements, like disinfecting combs and brushes. Students enrolled in associate degree programs may also have to take classes in required subjects like math and English. Additional costs: Typically, fees are around $50 to get and renew a license every two years. Exams are required to obtain a barber license, and exam fees vary by state, but are typically between $100 -150. In Kentucky, fees [ 3] are $125, and in Pennsylvania, exams [ 4] cost $150. Technical colleges and community colleges don't typically offer housing for students, so expect typical expenses for housing and food. Discounts: Participation in student financial aid programs varies by school. Barbering training programs may participate in federal financial aid programs, and offer students Pell grants and PLUS loans. Veteran's benefits may be extended to students at barbering schools. Check with individual program's financial aid offices for information about specific schools. Shopping for barber school: To see schools accredited in each state, check with the National Accrediting Commission of Cosmetology Arts and Sciences [ 5] . Ask the admissions office for the pass rates for state licensing exams and job placement rates for graduates of their program. E-mail Post Tweet Cost Helper News7 Ways to Stretch Your Reduced Food Budget End of the year budgets are tight for everyone, especially in this economy. It's especially hard for the millions of Americans who depend on government programs like food stamps to help make ends meet. || Posted November 11 20137 Lesser-Known Discounts for the 50+ Crowd As they age, members of the Baby Boomer generation don't like to admit that they're senior citizens, but they love getting discounts. It's kind of a quandary, because some of the best deals available are reduced prices for older folks.|| Posted October 21 2013‣ All Cost Helper Blog Posts What People Are Paying - Recent Comments Comment On Your Experience With Barber School Subject: *Amount Spent: *Length of Program: School: Comments: P
Consider the clutch and the gas to be a team. You can only give 100% effort so, when shifting, as you transition from clutch to gas keep the ratio completely balanced the whole time.  Consider this, from Clutch to Gas:  100/0 80/20 60/40 40/60 20/80 0/100  The main benefit of perfect shifting is keeping practically all of your moving parts in *much* better shape for years to come.
The Living Church The Living Church is a biweekly magazine based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin providing commentary and news information on the Episcopal Church in the United States. In continuous publication since 1878, it has generally been identified with the Anglo-Catholic wing of Anglicanism, and has been cited by national newspapers as a representative of that party. It absorbed a number of earlier Anglo-Catholic publications, including "The American Churchman", "Catholic Champion" (1901), and "The Angelus" (1904). Theologically and culturally, it tends to have a moderate-to-conservative slant.
How Long Does IT Take to Become a Dental Hygienist? Depending on the program and the amount of prerequisites taken, a student can become a dental hygienist within four years. Students with the necessary undergraduate education can complete a master's degree program in 1 to 2 years based on part-time or full-time study.
- The Battle of the Alamo (February 23 – March 6, 1836) was a pivotal event in the Texas Revolution.
Lobbying From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For the South Korean TV series, see Lobbyist (TV series). For other uses, see Lobby. This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (August 2017) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)This article is written like a personal reflection or opinion essay that states a Wikipedia editor's personal feelings about a topic. Please help improve it by rewriting it in an encyclopedic style. (April 2018) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Part of a series on State monopoly capitalism Terms Coercive monopoly Corporate personhood Corporate welfare Government-granted monopoly Intellectual property License Limited liability Regulatory capture Regulation Subsidy Tariff Ideas Advocacy group Lobbying Theory Conflict of interest Principal–agent problem Rent-seeking Issues Agricultural subsidy Military–industrial complex The New Deal and corporatism Ideologies Protectionism See also Crony capitalism Corporatism State capitalism State monopoly capitalismv t e Gift offered by tobacco industry lobbyists to Dutch politician Kartika Liotard in September 2013Lobbying, persuasion, or interest representation is the act of attempting to influence the actions, policies, or decisions of officials in their daily life, most often legislators or members of regulatory agencies. Lobbying is done by many types of people, associations and organized groups, including individuals in the private sector, corporations, fellow legislators or government officials, or advocacy groups (interest groups). Lobbyists may be among a legislator's constituencies, meaning a voter or bloc of voters within their electoral district; they may engage in lobbying as a business. Professional lobbyists are people whose business is trying to influence legislation, regulation, or other government decisions, actions, or policies on behalf of a group or individual who hires them. Individuals and nonprofit organizations can also lobby as an act of volunteering or as a small part of their normal job (for instance, a CEO meeting with a representative about a project important to their company, or an activist meeting with their legislator in an unpaid capacity). Governments often define and regulate organized group lobbying that has become influential. The ethics and morality of lobbying are double-edged. Lobbying is often spoken of with contempt, when the implication is that people with inordinate socioeconomic power are corrupting the law (twisting it away from fairness) in order to serve their own interests. When people who have a duty to act on behalf of others, such as elected officials with a duty to serve their constituents' interests or more broadly the public good, can benefit by shaping the law to serve the interests of some private parties, a conflict of interest exists. Many critiques of lobbying point to the potential for conflicts of interest to lead to agent misdirection or the intentional failure of an agent with a duty to serve an employer, client, or constituent to perform those duties. The failure of government officials to serve the public interest as a consequence of lobbying by special interests who provide benefits to the official is an example of agent misdirection. [1]Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology2 Overview3 Lobbying by country3.1 Australia3.1.1 Public lobbyist registers3.2 European Union3.2.1 France3.2.2 Italy3.2.3 United Kingdom3.3 United States3.4 Other countries4 See also5 References6 Bibliography7 External links7.1 United States7.2 Europe Etymology [ edit]In a report carried by the BBC, an OED lexicographer has shown that "lobbying" finds its roots in the gathering of Members of Parliament and peers in the hallways ("lobbies") of the UK Houses of Parliament before and after parliamentary debates where members of the public can meet their representatives. [2]One story held that the term originated at the Willard Hotel in W
You could win a Nobel prize just for being able to explain exactly how inflation works, but in absolutely basic, dumbed-down terms that I'm sure that even the most half-arsed economist will complain about as being over-simplistic to the pont of wrongness: 1) You notice that prices are getting higher, so you need to ask your boss for a raise. 2) Your boss gives you a raise, but makes up for the extra cost by raising prices. 3) You notice that prices are getting higher, so you need to ask your boss for a raise. And so on.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
- Welcome to Adaptive BodyWorks. Adaptive BodyWorks provides advanced Massage and Reflexology services. You can experience many of the pleasures of a relaxing spa environment while getting bodywork that is shaped by your needs. Adaptive Bodyworks offers massage that is billable to most major medical plans and auto accident claims.
Film stock 1880s were performed using a fragile paper roll film, with which it was difficult to view a single, continuously moving image without a complex apparatus. The first transparent and flexible film base material was celluloid, which was discovered and refined for photographic use by John Carbutt, Hannibal Goodwin, and George Eastman. Eastman Kodak made celluloid film commercially available in 1889; Thomas Henry Blair, in 1891, was his first competitor. The stock had a frosted base to facilitate easier viewing by transmitted light. Emulsions were orthochromatic. By November 1891 William Dickson, at Edison's laboratory, was using Blair's stock for Kinetoscope experiments.
- Driving distance from Sydney, Australia to Alice Springs, Australia. The total driving distance from Sydney, Australia to Alice Springs, Australia is 1,722 miles or 2 771 kilometers. Your trip begins in Sydney, Australia. It ends in Alice Springs, Australia.
Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing (United States) time of their win by their breeders. Jim Fitzsimmons and Bob Baffert are the only two trainers to have two horses win the Triple Crown, with Fitzsimmons training the sire/son combination of 1930 winner Gallant Fox and 1935 winner Omaha and Baffert training 2015 winner American Pharoah and 2018 winner Justify. The wins by Fitzsimmons were also the first time that an owner and the first time that a breeder, Belair Stud holding both duties, had a repeat win of the Triple Crown. Calumet Farm is the only other owner with two Triple Crown horses, 1941 winner Whirlaway and 1948
As a funeral director, this would depend on the condition of the body prior to embalming. Obesity, trauma, advanced decomp and other factors influence the efficacy of the formaldehyde. Also, the strength of the embalming fluid (mixed by the embalmer) will determine how long a body holds up. In summary, it depends. Worst case, one week, best case, months. Expert embalming and good body condition may preserve for years. *note; Decomp begins immediately after death.
- Hollister. Hollister is a city in and the county seat of San Benito County, California, United States. The population was 34,928 at the 2010 census. Hollister is primarily an agricultural town.
Adele Adele Laurie Blue Adkins ( -LSB- əˈdɛl -RSB- born 5 May 1988 ) is an English singer-songwriter . After graduating from the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology in 2006 , Adele was given a recording contract by XL Recordings after a friend posted her demo on Myspace the same year . In 2007 , she received the Brit Awards `` Critics ' Choice '' award and won the BBC Sound of 2008 poll . Her debut album , 19 , was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success . It is certified seven times platinum in the UK , and three times platinum in the US . The album contains her first song , `` Hometown Glory '' , written when she was 16 , which is based on her home suburb of West Norwood in London . An appearance she made on Saturday Night Live in late 2008 boosted her career in the US . At the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009 , Adele received the awards for Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance .   She released her second studio album , 21 , in early 2011 . The album was critically well received and surpassed the success of her debut , earning the singer numerous awards in 2012 , among them a record-tying six Grammy Awards , including Album of the Year ; two Brit Awards , including British Album of the Year , and three American Music Awards . The album has been certified 16 times platinum in the UK , and is the fourth best-selling album in the UK of all time . In the US , it has held the top position longer than any album since 1985 , and is certified diamond . The album has sold over 31 million copies worldwide . The success of 21 earned Adele numerous mentions in the Guinness Book of World Records . She is the first woman in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 to have three simultaneous top 10 singles as a lead artist , and the first female artist to simultaneously have two albums in the top five of the Billboard 200 and two singles in the top five of the Billboard Hot 100 . 21 is the longest-running number one album by a female solo artist in the history of the UK and US Album Charts .   In 2012 , Adele released `` Skyfall '' , which she co-wrote and recorded for the James Bond film of the same name . The song won an Academy Award , a Grammy Award , and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song , as well as the Brit Award for British Single of the Year . After taking a three-year break , Adele released her third studio album , 25 , in 2015 . It became the year 's best-selling album and broke first week sales records in the UK and US . 25 was her second album to be certified diamond in the US and earned her five Grammy Awards , including her second Grammy Award for Album of the Year , and four Brit Awards . The lead single , `` Hello '' , became the first song in the US to sell over one million digital copies within a week of its release . Her third concert tour , Adele Live 2016 , visited Europe , North America and Oceania , and will conclude with four finale concerts at Wembley Stadium in mid-2017 .   In 2011 , 2012 and 2016 , Billboard named Adele Artist of the Year . In 2012 , she was listed at number five on VH1 's 100 Greatest Women in Music . Time magazine named her one of the most influential people in the world in 2012 and 2016 . With sales of more than 100 million records , Adele is one of the best-selling recording artists in the world .
El Paso, Illinois Area Code El Paso, Illinois Area Code El Paso, IL Area Codes are309El Paso, IL is currently using one area code which is area code 309. In addition to El Paso, IL area code information read more about area code 309 details and Illinois area codes. El Paso, IL is located in Woodford County and observes the Central Time Zone. View our Times by Area Code tool . Select Any Illinois City or Town Alphabetically A B C D E F G H I J K L MN O P Q R S T U V W X Y ZArea Codes Look Up By State and City Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, DCWest Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Area Codes Look Up in Surrounding Places American Samoa Bahamas Barbados Bermuda British Virgin Islands Dominican Republic Freeport (Bahamas)Grenada Grand Bahama Guam Jamaica Marshall Islands Nassau (Bahamas)Saint Thomas Saint Croix Saint John St. Lucia St. Vincent US Virgin Islands St. Kitts and Nevis Area Code News | Area Code Changes | Ten Digit Dialing | Toll Free Numbers Area Code FAQ and Definitions | State Utility Commissions | Original Area Codes Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Site Map www. Area Code Help.com is not responsible for any damages or problems caused by this service. If you have any suggestions or comments contact us. Site Copyright 2006-2017 www.areacodehelp.com 
The Knights of Columbus, the world's largest Catholic fraternal service organization and a Fortune 1000 company, is headquartered in New Haven. Two more Fortune 1000 companies are based in Greater New Haven: the electrical equipment producers Hubbell, based in Orange, and Amphenol, based in Wallingford. Eight Courant 100 companies are based in Greater New Haven, with four headquartered in New Haven proper. New Haven-based companies traded on stock exchanges include NewAlliance Bank, the second largest bank in Connecticut and fourth-largest in New England (NYSE: NAL), Higher One Holdings (NYSE: ONE), a financial services firm United Illuminating, the electricity distributor for southern Connecticut (NYSE: UIL), Achillion Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: ACHN), Alexion Pharmaceuticals (NasdaqGS: ALXN), and Transpro Inc. (AMEX: TPR). Vion Pharmaceuticals is traded OTC (OTC BB: VIONQ.OB). Other notable companies based in the city include the Peter Paul Candy Manufacturing Company (the candy-making division of the Hershey Company), the American division of Assa Abloy (one of the world's leading manufacturers of locks), Yale University Press, and the Russell Trust Association (the business arm of the Skull and Bones Society). The Southern New England Telephone Company (SNET) began operations in the city as the District Telephone Company of New Haven in 1878; the company remains headquartered in New Haven as a subsidiary of AT&T Inc., now doing business as AT&T Connecticut, and provides telephone service for all but two municipalities in Connecticut.
I'm not sure about whether the inheritance law was a primogeniture or not, and for how long they were in effect, but one way I know in which the inheritance system sustained itself was the reason the Prussian Junker class was created - the word Junker originally coming from "Jung Herr" or Young Lord. This was because German lords often sent their sons off to frontierlands like Prussia (predominantly east) to seek out their own fortune and land. Young sons were pressed into military service too, once more the most famous example being Prussia, in order to help with succession disputes. This, or you're talking about a far earlier period.. I'm not really sure what ancient means here
Adviser An adviser or advisor is normally a person with more and deeper knowledge in a specific area and usually also includes persons with cross functional and multidisciplinary expertise. An adviser's role is that of a mentor or guide and differs categorically from that of a task specific consultant. An adviser is typically part of the leadership, whereas consultants fulfill functional roles. The spellings adviser and advisor have both been in use since the sixteenth century.
Keep sweat from getting in our eyes under physical exertion. Asked that same question once when I was a kid.
Vinyl Floorcovering Vinyl Floorcovering Follow City-Data.com founder on our Forum or @Lech Mazur Background Vinyl floorcovering is defined as either resilient vinyl sheet floorcovering or resilient vinyl tile floorcovering. Vinyl sheet floor-covering is generally available in either 6 ft (1.83 m) or 12 ft (3.66 m) widths and vinyl tiles are generally 12 x 12 in (30.48 x 30.48 cm). Sheet goods are generally retailed with no sticky backing. Thus, adhesives need to be purchased to adhere the flooring to underlayment. Vinyl tiles may be purchased dry or with a pressure-sensitive glue backing protected by a paper covering that must be removed by the installer. Vinyl sheet flooring, particularly, varies in thickness and in manner decorated. Thinner sheet vinyl is 10-15 mils (mils are a thousandths of an inch) in thickness as opposed to longer wearing sheet vinyl (which is also more expensive) that may be 25-30 mils thick. Patterns may be printed with a rotary press (called rotogravure printing) or with large plates engraved intaglio with the design engraved below the surface of the metal. Both printing methods impress a pattern on top of the gel layer of foam and underneath the wear layer, rendering a relatively durable pattern. These vinyl floorcoverings are preferred by many homeowners for their ease of installation—many do-it-yourselfers are able to install them with relative ease. However, vinyl sheet floorcoverings that are 25-30 mils may difficult to handle or install for the unskilled homeowner. The vinyl tiles are far easier to install and are the vinyl flooring most often installed by the home-owner. Furthermore unlike other flooring materials, sharp blades will easily cut the vinyl flooring so that it may conform to corners, cabinets, and curves. In addition, vinyl floorcoverings may be applied over old flooring, and are easily cleaned with a vacuum or a mop with soap and warm water. To the delight of many householders, with proper care, many brands do not require waxing. Polyurethane coatings render a high-gloss finish that emulates a shiny, waxy surface and generally stays rather shiny over the years. If dulled, a special vinyl floor finish may be applied. However, vinyl floorcoverings are not as durable as ceramic tile and will have to be replaced periodically. As with many household materials, vinyl sheet and tile flooring comes in residential grade and commercial grade. Residential vinyl flooring varies in thickness, method used for imprinting or decorating, and style. Commercial vinyl floorcoverings conform to specifications that require superior durability and stain resistance (particularly use-ful in hospital settings). Some commercial-grade vinyl floorcovering is non-slip for high public traffic areas. History Housewives have long known that a hard, relatively waterproof surface makes a fine floorcovering. Tamped earth mixed with ox blood dried into an easily-swept surface in primitive homes. Painted wooden floors were relatively easily maintained but had to be renewed at some effort. It was particularly troublesome keeping carpeting clean in eating areas such as dining rooms. In the early eighteenth century, floor cloths, which were large squares of fabric, were laid under dining tables to catch wayward crumbs. These floor cloths were simply taken outside and shaken free of crumbs and returned to their spot under the table. However, later in the 1700s, someone decided that the floor cloth could be improved upon if a relatively sturdy fabric such as canvas, hemp, or linen was coated with and evaporating oil and paint and thus made waterproof. Easy to scrub and sweep, these floor oilcloths were quite an improvement over the fabric floor cloths. Better yet, these oilcloths were inexpensive and could be hand made at home or purchased mass produced later in the nineteenth century. From there it was a quick hop to linoleum which was manufactured from linseed oil, cork gums, and pigment. This leather-like floor-covering was mass produced by 1890 both in the United States and abroad. Linoleum was tremendously popul
Just as the navigational approach would require programs to loop in order to collect records, the relational approach would require loops to collect information about any one record. Codd's solution to the necessary looping was a set-oriented language, a suggestion that would later spawn the ubiquitous SQL. Using a branch of mathematics known as tuple calculus, he demonstrated that such a system could support all the operations of normal databases (inserting, updating etc.) as well as providing a simple system for finding and returning sets of data in a single operation.
Pulp Fiction Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American black comedy neo-noir crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino , from a story by Tarantino and Roger Avary . Directed in a highly stylized manner , Pulp Fiction connects the intersecting storylines of Los Angeles mobsters , fringe players , small-time criminals , and a mysterious briefcase . The film 's title refers to the pulp magazines and hardboiled crime novels popular during the mid-20th century , known for their graphic violence and punchy dialogue .   The screenplay of Pulp Fiction was written in 1992 and 1993 , and incorporated some scenes originally written by Avary for True Romance . Its plot , as in many of Tarantino 's other works , is presented out of chronological order . The film is also self-referential from its opening moments , beginning with a title card that gives two dictionary definitions of `` pulp '' . Considerable screen time is devoted to monologues and casual conversations with eclectic dialogue revealing each character 's perspectives on several subjects , and the film features an ironic combination of humor and strong violence . Its script was reportedly turned down by Columbia TriStar as `` too demented '' . Miramax co-chairman Harvey Weinstein was instantly enthralled with it , however , and the film became the first that Miramax fully financed .   Pulp Fiction won the Palme d'Or at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival , and was a major critical and commercial success upon its U.S. release . It revitalized the careers of John Travolta ( who received an Academy Award nomination ) , Samuel L. Jackson , and Uma Thurman . It was also nominated for seven Oscars , including Best Picture ; Tarantino and Avary won for Best Original Screenplay . The nature of its development , marketing , and distribution -- and its consequent profitability -- had a sweeping effect on the field of independent cinema .   Since its release , Pulp Fiction has been widely regarded as Tarantino 's masterpiece , with particular praise singled out for its screenwriting . The film 's self-reflexivity , unconventional structure , and extensive use of homage and pastiche have led critics to describe it as a touchstone of postmodern film . It is often considered a cultural watershed , with a strong influence felt not only in later movies that adopted various elements of its style , but in several other media as well . A 2008 Entertainment Weekly poll named it the best film since 1983 , and the work has appeared on many critics ' lists of the greatest films ever made . In 2013 , Pulp Fiction was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' .
Eggs are veg or non veg?
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
This comment is not toxic.
This comment is not toxic.
Get information about recipes.
Sum of angles of a triangle to zero. For a spherical triangle, the sum of the angles is greater than 180° and can be up to 540°. Specifically, the sum of the angles is where "f" is the fraction of the sphere's area which is enclosed by the triangle. Note that spherical geometry does not satisfy several of Euclid's axioms (including the parallel postulate.) Angles between adjacent sides of a triangle are referred to as "interior" angles in Euclidean and other geometries. "Exterior" angles can be also defined, and the Euclidean triangle postulate can be formulated as the exterior angle theorem. One can also consider the
Another Alaskan transportation method is the dogsled. In modern times (that is, any time after the mid-late 1920s), dog mushing is more of a sport than a true means of transportation. Various races are held around the state, but the best known is the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, a 1,150-mile (1,850 km) trail from Anchorage to Nome (although the distance varies from year to year, the official distance is set at 1,049 miles or 1,688 km). The race commemorates the famous 1925 serum run to Nome in which mushers and dogs like Togo and Balto took much-needed medicine to the diphtheria-stricken community of Nome when all other means of transportation had failed. Mushers from all over the world come to Anchorage each March to compete for cash, prizes, and prestige. The "Serum Run" is another sled dog race that more accurately follows the route of the famous 1925 relay, leaving from the community of Nenana (southwest of Fairbanks) to Nome.
I've just been stuck in a rut lately... Maybe it's because school's out or something. I just feel like I'm putzing around nowhere and I'd like some new people to talk to! So, contact list.

AIM: Riggityroll

MSN: riggityroll@gmail.com

Phone(I've posted it before): 443-802-2844 (Text please, if you do that kind of thing.)
- Max: 22.5°C / 72.5°F. Avg: 21°C / 69.7°F. Min: 18.7°C / 65.6°F. These figures are calculated from several years of recorded data and are the maximum, minimum and average temperatures of all the recorded years. Average daily June sea temperatures. Monthly Punta Umbría water temperature chart.
Lee Thompson Young Lee Thompson Young. Lee Thompson Young (February 1, 1984 – August 19, 2013) was an American actor. He was known for his teenage role as the title character on the Disney Channel television series The Famous Jett Jackson (1998–2001) and as Chris Comer in the movie Friday Night Lights (2004). His last starring role was as Boston police detective Barry Frost on the TNT police drama series Rizzoli & Isles (2010–14).
What Kind of Exercise Is Jumping Jacks Considered? Designing a workout program requires knowledge of various exercises. A well-rounded fitness routine uses both aerobic and anaerobic exercises to improve your cardiovascular and muscular systems. Jumping jacks are an aerobic exercise that do not require any equipment, so you can use them even in a home-based routine.
- IMPROVED ANSWER: I think you mean that 1 bag of mulch will cover 2 cubic feet. That's the standard bag sold at Lowes & Home Depot. 1 cubic yard = 27 cubic feet (3'x3'x3'=27). Therefore 4 cubic yards is equal to 108 cubic feet.
Not really. You need about [745 watts to generate one horsepower](_URL_1_). So, even a modest electric car with 100 horsepower would need 74,500 watts to operate. The rover here will produce about [125 watts of power](_URL_2_). Nowhere near what is needed to run a car. The rover is ok with this because it is not built to speed around really fast. It just needs to poke along at a [sedate speed of 90 meters/hour](_URL_0_) (0.06 miles/hour)...slower than a crawl. Of course then you have the issue of cars having radioactive material in them and getting in accidents. The rover uses plutonium and plutonium is nasty stuff. You do not want this junk flying around in an accident.
In 1769 Hyderabad city became the formal capital of the Nizams. In response to regular threats from Hyder Ali (Dalwai of Mysore), Baji Rao I (Peshwa of the Maratha Empire), and Basalath Jung (Asif Jah II's elder brother, who was supported by the Marquis de Bussy-Castelnau), the Nizam signed a subsidiary alliance with the East India Company in 1798, allowing the British Indian Army to occupy Bolarum (modern Secunderabad) to protect the state's borders, for which the Nizams paid an annual maintenance to the British.
History of video games predecessor "Nimatron" (1940) had been created as electro-mechanical devices. The first games known to incorporate a monitor were two research projects completed in 1952, a checkers program by Christopher Strachey on the Ferranti Mark 1 and a tic-tac-toe program called "OXO" by Alexander Douglas on the EDSAC. Both of these programs used a relatively static display to track the current state of the game board. The first known game incorporating graphics that updated in real time was a billiards game programmed by William Brown and Ted Lewis specifically for a demonstration of the MIDSAC computer at the University of Michigan
Sundry âº Wisdom teeth Sundry › Wisdom teeth Watch video View list of question titles Back to Top Why do we have wisdom teeth? Adults can have up to 32 teeth. The wisdom teeth are the last to appear, right at the back of the mouth. They usually appear when you are between 17 and 25, although sometimes they appear many years later. People often have jaws that are too small for all 32 teeth to fit - 28 is often the most we have room for. So if all the other teeth are present and healthy there may not be enough space for the wisdom teeth to come through properly. Back to Top Do wisdom teeth always cause problems? No. If there is enough room they will usually come through into a useful position and cause no more problems than any other tooth. Often there will be some slight discomfort as they come through, but this will disappear once the tooth is fully in position. Back to Top What is an impacted wisdom tooth? If there is not enough room, the wisdom tooth may try to come through, but will get stuck against the tooth in front of it. The wisdom tooth will be at an angle, and will be described by the dentist as 'impacted'. Back to Top What problems should I be prepared for? If part of the wisdom tooth has appeared through the gum and part of it is still covered, the gum may become sore and perhaps swollen. This is called ‘pericoronitis'. Bacteria and bits of food can collect under the gum edge, and it will be difficult to clean the area properly. This is a temporary problem that can be dealt with by using mouthwashes, special cleaning methods and possibly antibiotics. If the problem keeps coming back, it may be better to have the tooth removed. Back to Top What can I do to help relieve the discomfort of wisdom teeth? A mouthwash of medium-hot water with a teaspoonful of salt will help to reduce gum soreness and inflammation (check that it is not too hot before using it). Swish the salt water around the tooth, trying to get into the areas your toothbrush cannot reach. Do this several times a day. An antibacterial mouthwash containing chlorhexidine can also reduce the inflammation. Pain-relieving tablets such as paracetamol or ibuprofen can also be useful in the short term, but talk to your dental team if the pain continues. The tablets should always be swallowed and not placed on the area. Back to Top What if this does not help? If the pain does not go away or if you find it difficult to open your mouth, you should see your dentist. They will be able to see the cause of the problem, and give you the right advice. They may clean around the tooth very thoroughly, and may prescribe an antibiotic. Back to Top Are x-rays needed for wisdom teeth? The dental team will usually take x-rays to see the position of the root, and to decide whether there is room for the tooth to come through into a useful position. Back to Top What are the main reasons for taking wisdom teeth out? Far fewer wisdom teeth are now taken out than in the past. If the tooth is not causing problems, your dentist will not want to remove it. They will only remove wisdom teeth:when it is clear that they will not be able to come through into a useful position because there is not enough room, and they are also causing some pain or discomfortif they have only partly come through and are decayed - these teeth will often decay as it will be difficult to clean them as thoroughly as your other teethif they are painful. Back to Top Are wisdom teeth difficult to take out? It all depends on the position and the shape of the roots. Your dentist will tell you how easy or difficult each tooth will be to remove after looking at the x-rays. Upper wisdom teeth are often easier to remove than lower ones, which are more likely to be impacted. Your dentist will say whether the tooth should be taken out at the dental practice, or whether you should be referred to a specialist oral surgeon at a hospital. Very occasionally there is a possibility of some numbness of the lip after the removal of a lower tooth. Your dentist will tell you if it is possible in your case. Either a local anaesth
Which programming languages are used the most? Why?
. Laravel Documentation Laracasts News Forge Git Hub 
What is Petroleum and Natural Gas? Petroleum and natural gas are nonrenewable sources of energy. Petroleum is a liquid mixture found underground that can be used to make gasoline, diesel fuel, and many other products. Petroleum is also called crude oil or oil. Natural gas is a mixture of gases – mostly methane. Natural gas is sometimes just called gas.
- The comma is not part of the title, so the comma does not belong inside the quote. Therefore in this context you put the comma after the quote, like so: According to Astrophysics: Growing Rapidly, astrophysics is a rapidly growing field.
- Quick Answer. Unopened bacon lasts one to two weeks past the printed date, when refrigerated, according to Eat By Date. Opened, uncooked bacon lasts for one week past the printed date, when refrigerated. Cooked bacon lasts seven to 10 days, when refrigerated. Continue Reading.
One way would be that nuclear submarines have traveled underneath the arctic sea ice. The first one was named the USS Nautilus and made the trip under the North Pole in 1958. Others include the USS Sea Wolf and the USS Skate. I'm sure there are many others that have made the trip.  Another way we know that there is no land above sea level under the arctic ice would be bathymetric measurements of the sea floor. Scientists can create maps of land masses under the ocean's surface using sonar and/or LIDAR.  _URL_0_
What Are Afferent and Efferent Neurons? Full Answer Afferent neurons are also known as sensory receptor neurons. For example, a touch stimulus creates a sensation in the brain only after the afferent neurons sense the stimuli and send the information about the stimuli. Efferent neurons are also known as effector or motor neurons. These special nerve cells send signals from the central nervous system, so as to initiate an action. The human body has millions of cells; those found in the central nervous system are called neurons or nerve cells, and they are responsible for carrying messages within the body. They also play a part in cellular processes such as energy generation and protein synthesis. Neurons have special cell parts called dendrites and axons. Dendrites carry signals to the cell body, whereas axons carry information away from the cell body. The movement of information within the body is facilitated by interneurons. These are neurons that form a connection between two or more neurons creating a complex network of neurons. They are also referred to as association neurons. The interneurons facilitate the movement of information between the efferent neurons and the afferent neurons. Learn more about Chemistry Sources: innerbody.com education-portal.com en.wikipedia.org en.wikipedia.org 
This comment is not toxic.
Viral genetic replication, especially in the case of retroviruses, have few, if any, error-checking mechanisms, which results in a high rate of mutation. Combined with the high numbers of viral particles that can spawn from a single cell, this results in a much more rapid rate of evolution. As for the second one, I have not personally heard of such a case. I do know viruses are often implicatied in horizontal gene transfer, a property that is routinely exploited in genetics labs to deliver particular genetic information to a target organism.
How Long Does Ecstasy Stay in the System? The Facts about Ecstasy NEED TO PASS A DRUG TEST ? Select your sex : Level of Toxins: Date of test: Body type: Weight: Application/Treatment: Toxins/Substances: How Long Does Ecstasy Stay in the System? The Facts about Ecstasy MDMA (Street Names: meth, XTC, Adam, Clarity, Lover's Speed, Hug, Beans, Love Drug) is a synthetic, mind-altering drug with amphetamine-like and hallucinogenic effects. MDMA is on the DEA Schedule I for controlled substances, so it is illegal to manufacture, possess, or sell it in the United States. if you're using MDMA and forced to pass a drug test, learn how you can do this without risk of fail How long lasts the effect? The most commonly available form of ecstasy is a tablet that is ingested orally. After ingestion, the effects of ecstasy usually begin after about 20 minutes, with the full effect manifesting about 30-45 minutes later and lasting for 4-6 hours. Ecstasy in the body is detectable for an average of 3-5 days, depending on weight and age. In urine samples, Ecstasy is usually detectable for 24-72 hours after use. Need to purge your system of ecstasy? Try now How does fun with ecstasy work? Ecstasy is also available in powder form, which can be snorted or smoked. Injecting ecstasy, meanwhile, is somewhat rare. The drug's effects are numerous and include positive feelings, empathy, anxiety elimination, and deep relaxation. Ecstasy also suppresses the appetite, causes thirst, reduces the need to sleep, and enables users to party for two or even three days. Using ecstasy can therefore sometimes result in severe dehydration and exhaustion. And how using ecstasy in the short term can cause brain damage for years Many of the risks associated with MDMA are similar to those found with the use of amphetamines and cocaine. These include confusion, depression, sleeping problems, drug craving, severe anxiety, and paranoia, and these effects can occur during use and sometimes weeks after taking the drug, including psychotic episodes. Physical symptoms include muscle tension, involuntary clenching/grinding of the teeth, nausea, blurred vision, rapid eye movement, faintness, and chills or sweating. The associated increases in heart rate and blood pressure can also trigger a heart failure. Ecstasy use can also cause other severe side effects, such as liver damage. Or even worse An overdose of ecstasy is characterized by high blood pressure, faintness, panic attacks, and, in more severe cases, loss of consciousness, seizures, and a dramatic rise in body temperature. Ecstasy overdoses can be fatal because they can lead to heart failure or extreme heat stroke. Want to stay alive? Stop using. If you have any questions, call us for free at (866) 600 88 20 and flush ecstasy out of your body naturallytags: how long does extacy stay in your system, how long does meth stay in your system, meth detection times, how long does methamphetamine stay in your system, how long does meth stay in system, extacy ways to get it out of your system, how long does exstacy stay in your body? exstacy detection times, how long does mdma stay in your system, ecstasy in your system, how long does ecstasy stay in your body, how long is ecstasy in your system, how long does ecstasy stay in your system, pass a meth ua, how long does methamphetamine stay in your urine, how long extacy stays in your system, how long does extacy stay in your urine, flushing out extacy of your system, meth how long stays in your body, how long methamphetamines stay in your body, how long does ecstasy stay in your urine This article was published on Saturday 08 October, 2016. 
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
What does G2 mean? G2 refers literally to Division Level or higher military intelligence. S2 Refers to a 'Company' level intelligence. G2 denotes a broader or higher level of information. Used in slang the best definition is: 'Higher Intelligence or Higher Level information about a topic than is commonly known.
Braeburn Pharmaceuticals Selects Durham for Manufacturing and Research Facility Braeburn was founded in 2012, and is headquartered in Princeton, N.J. “North Carolina’s leadership in manufacturing and life sciences makes it the ideal location for bio-manufacturers like Braeburn Pharmaceuticals,” said state Commerce Secretary John E. Skvarla III.
How much is Taj Mahal worth?
I want to take pictures of my girlfriend and me having sex. I want to create a blog of pictures of us having sex and things of the sort, but I haven't talked ask her yet. How should I ask her? Should I just be straightforward, and one day just say, "Hey, I think it'd be really sexy if you and I took pictures of 'us' and posted them online. Whatdoya say?" Or what?
What is the best way for me to go about do this? I am very comfortable with her; I just don't want to freak her out or anything. Help me out.
Windows 7: Changing Remote Desktop Listening Port The MAC address is used ... Windows 7: Changing Remote Desktop Listening Port. Note: This is an advanced tip and only applicable to certain situations. The Remote Desktop by default uses TCP/IP port 3389, some people ...
Feces Feces, also spelled faeces, also called excrement, solid bodily waste discharged from the large intestine through the anus during defecation. Feces are normally removed from the body one or two times a day. About 100 to 250 grams (3 to 8 ounces) of feces are excreted by a human adult daily. 1  Normally, feces are made up of 75 percent water and 25 percent solid matter. 2  Many diseases and disorders can affect bowel function and produce abnormalities in the feces.
- Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Operating system. An operating system is a collection of software that manages computer hardware resources and provides common services for computer programs. The operating system is a vital component of the system software in a computer system.
Exercise causes damage to your muscle, as part of repair your muscles start developing new blood vessels. Frequent running increases vessel density, which allows the muscles to get more oxygen and nutrients > less stress-induced catabolism.
preliminary Definition of preliminary for English Language Learners. : something that comes first in order to prepare for or introduce the main part of something else.
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
The Five Most Common GAPS Diet Mistakes Talking to people on GAPS, I have frequently encountered those who have eliminated all disaccharides from the diet but not all the starches in the form of potatoes, sweet potatoes, arrowroot flour, potato flour, carob powder, cocoa powder, chickpea flour, and almost all beans and legumes (navy beans and lentils are ok).
Return JavaScript class value instead of object reference (in ES6)
Yer not alone in askin', and kind strangers have explained: 1. [ELI5: What creates that "crunchy" effect on your clothes when you hang them outside to dry? ](_URL_1_) 1. [ELI5:Why do towels get rough when dried outside on a line? ](_URL_0_) 1. [ELI5: Why do towels feel crunchy/rough when line drying, but when drying in a dryer it feels soft? ](_URL_2_)
Intermolecular Forces Chemistry Tutorial Hydrogen bonds are a stronger intermolecular force than either Dispersion forces or dipole-dipole interactions since the hydrogen nucleus is extremely small and positively charged and fluorine, oxygen and nitrogen being very electronegative so that the electron on the hydrogen atom is strongly attracted to the fluorine, oxygen or nitrogen atom, leaving a highly localised positive charge on the hydrogen atom and highly negative localised charge on the fluorine, oxygen or nitrogen atom.
Modern Dance Style & Trends Modern dance Modern Dance Style & Trends The form of dance style known as "modern dance" is an artistic dance form that allows free movement based on choreography that seeks to provide the audience with a subject and theme. Modern dance performers created this free form style to allow older dancers to continue to dance long after their ballet dance careers ended. Loie Fuller, Isadora Duncan and Eleanor Anderson first performed modern dance publicly by the 1880s. These are the first modern dancers who paved the way for uninhibited freedom in dance. The point of modern dance is to allow the audience to see the "story" modern dancers create. Stories Evolution of Modern Dance: Contemporary Themes & Classic Styles Since the earliest days of modern dance, this action within this dance form has always revolved around a theme. Written by Danceus Staff The Future Direction of Modern Dance Millennial dancers love modern dance that is less traditional and more "message effective. Written by Danceus Staff Opportunities for Modern Dance Performers In the very early days of modern dance, dancers were not given instructions in facial expressions, the mood of choreography or the technicalities of performing. Written by Danceus Staff5 Iconic Modern Dance Performances & Examples Here are five iconic modern dance performances and examples that inspired and influenced the discipline, along with video clips, so you can see how. Written by Danceus Staff New Trends in Modern Dance Instruction & Techniques Today The syllabus for modern dance originates from ballet movement. Written by Danceus Staff SEE MORE STORIESEvents An Evening Of Modern Dance April 13 - April 14 @ 7pm - 9pm. Daily Whitaker Black Box Theatre Watch brand new works created by local choreographer and dancer Taylor Ellen - artistic director of the Statesboro Youth Ballet - and Atlanta-based guest ... Modern Dance - Paul Taylor April 26 - April 27 @ 10:15pm - 11:35am Santa Monica College, 1900 Pico Blvd, Santa Monica, CA, 90405Rachel Berman-with a decade performing principal roles with the Paul Taylor Dance Company, as well as performing with Ballet Hispanico, May O'Donnell, The ... Modern Dance Workshop April 29 @ 9am - 12pm Nimbus Dance Works, 165 Newark Ave, Jersey City, NJ, 07302Modern Dance Workshop with Nimbus Dance Works April 29, 2018 TBD Nimbus Dance Works 165 Newark Avenue Jersey City NJ Registration is required as space is ... See More Events Studios Petit Papillon School of Ballet39 Green St, Concord, NH, 03302Petit Papillon is a school of ballet excelling in the education of children and adults in the dance arts. Techniques offered are Ballet, Pointe, Jazz/Hip-Hop, ... Styles: Ballet, Hip-Hop, Jazz, Modern, Pointe Black Mountain Dance Centre12285 World Trade Drive STE "L", San Diego, CA, 92128Black Mountain Dance Centre offers daily training in Classical Ballet with internationally credentialed dance professionals as well as classes in Repertoire, ... Styles: Ballet, Jazz, Modern, Musical Theater, Pointe, Tap Kim Robards Dance1387 South Santa Fe Drive, Denver, CO, 80223Kim Robards Dance (KRD) energizes and entices audiences with the driving physicality and broad dynamic range of the beautifully crafted choreography of ... Styles: Ballet, Choreographers, Contemporary, Jazz, Modern, Other, Pointe, Tap,See More Studios Videosby Danceus Staff 06:0Alvin Ailey - Cry part 2by Danceus Staff 1:55Clytemnestraby Danceus Staff 01:4Baby Modern Dance See More Videos 
Canada The Canadian Flag (colloquially known as The Maple Leaf Flag) is a red flag of the proportions two by length and one by width, containing in its centre a white square, with a single red stylized eleven-point maple leaf centred in the white square.
Synovial Cell Sarcoma in Dogs Symptoms and Diagnosis of Synovial Cell Sarcoma in Dogs. The most common symptoms of synovial cell sarcoma are swelling, pain and lameness in the affected joint. The joint may appear visible deformed. Your dog's symptoms may be quite similar to those of other orthopedic conditions like osteoarthritis or Lyme disease, so synovial cell sarcoma can be difficult to diagnose. Your vet will need a physical exam, a complete medical history and blood tests.
What do you think was the biggest mistake that you made?
redbox rental period 1 If you don't return your rental for the maximum rental period (21 days for DVDs), you'll be charged the maximum rental fee plus tax and you'll be allowed to keep the DVD.  The maximum rental fees for Redbox products are $25.20 + tax for DVDs, $34.50 + tax for Blu-ray™ Discs, and $70 + tax for video games.
Rock the Boat (The Hues Corporation song) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Rock the Boat"Single by The Hues Corporationfrom the album Freedom for the Stallion B-side "All Goin' Down Together"Released May 1974Format7" 12"Recorded 1973Genre Disco soul R&BLength 3: 22Label RCA Records Songwriter (s) Wally Holmes Producer (s) John Florez The Hues Corporation singles chronology"Freedom for the Stallion" (1973) " Rock the Boat " (1974) "Rockin' Soul" (1974)" Rock the Boat " is a song by American trio The Hues Corporation, written by Wally Holmes. "Rock the Boat" was first featured on their 1973 debut studio album Freedom for the Stallion (a different edit version, which was the single, later appeared on certain editions of the band's 1974 second album Rockin' Soul ). [1] It was released as the second single from the album in early 1974, to follow up Stallion ' s title song, which had peaked at number sixty-three on the Hot 100. Initially, "Rock the Boat" appeared as though it would flop, as months went by without any radio airplay or sales activity. Not until the song became a disco favorite in New York did Top 40 radio finally pick up on the song, leading the record to finally enter the Hot 100 and zip up the chart to number-one the week of July 6, 1974, in only its seventh week on the chart (and fourth week in the Top 40). The record also reached the top-ten in the United Kingdom. "Rock the Boat" is considered one of the earliest disco songs. Some authorities proclaim it to be the first disco song to hit number-one, while others give that distinction to " Love's Theme " by Love Unlimited Orchestra, a chart-topper from earlier in 1974. The song became a gold record. It is a heavy airplay favorite on oldie and adult contemporary stations today. Contents [ hide ]1 Composition2 Samples and covers3 Charts3.1 Weekly charts3.2 Year-end charts4 References5 External links Composition [ edit]The song features a lead vocal by Fleming Williams, who left The Hues Corporation shortly after the song was recorded. According to The Billboard Book of Number One Hits by Fred Bronson, the lone female member of the group, H. Ann Kelly, had originally been pegged to sing lead, but this idea was discarded out of fear that groups with female lead singers were less commercially viable. The bass player on the session was Wilton Felder, not James Jamerson as previously reported. The drummer on the session who inadvertently brought the concept of using that Cumbria beat to the song was Bobby Perez, session drummer (former Ludwig endorser) from Los Angeles and New York. Prior to that recording session the song had a completely different rhythm. The Hues Corporation member St. Clair Lee claims "It was a song that you could do anything on. You could cuddle or you could get crazy if you wanted to. It was a love song without being a love song. But, it was a Disco hit and it happened because of the discos." [2]The song features a change in meter during the pre-chorus "We've been sailing with a cargo full of love and devotion" where it is 74 for one measure while the rest of the song is in common time. The 'Rock the Boat' dance also a favourite at weddings and birthday parties and involves many people sitting down in a row and 'rowing' a boat to the tune of the song. Samples and covers [ edit]This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2017) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)"Rock the Boat" was covered in 1982 by the Dutch/American singer Forrest Thomas. His version also made the UK top five (number 4) and the top 10 of the American Dance/Disco chart. Jacob Miller and the Inner Circle cut a reggae version of the song in 1974. British girl group Delage covered the song in 1990. It peaked at #63 on the UK charts. There is a reference to the song's distinctive bridge in Jurassic 5 track " Concrete Schoolyard ". Singaporean band Lizard's Convention also covered the song in the 199
This is a pretty frequent problem when reading old product names and a major hassle when trying to achieve data concordance. I haven't heard the term sweepings used directly for cocaine, but defining it as waste or leftovers would be consistent with the way it's used for other goods: e.g., in Standard International Trade Classifications "263.39 Sweepings (waste), cotton, not carded or combed."
Hand sanitizer From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Hand sanitizer A typical hand sanitizer gel Clinical data Synonyms Hand sanitiser, hand antiseptic, [1] hand disinfectant Hand sanitizer is a liquid generally used to decrease infectious agents on the hands. [2] Formulations of the alcohol -based type are preferable to hand washing with soap and water in most situations in the healthcare setting. [3] It is generally more effective at killing microorganisms and better tolerated than soap and water. [4] Hand washing should still be carried out if contamination can be seen or following the use of the toilet. [5] The general use of non-alcohol based versions has no recommendations. [3] Outside the health care setting evidence to support the use of hand sanitizer over hand washing is poor. [6] [7] They are available as liquids, gels, and foams. [4]Alcohol-based versions typically contain some combination of isopropyl alcohol, ethanol (ethyl alcohol), or n -propanol. [4] Versions that contain 60 to 95% alcohol are most effective. [4] Care should be taken as they are flammable. [3] Alcohol-based hand sanitizer works against a variety of microorganisms but not spores. [4] Some versions contain compounds such as glycerol to prevent drying of the skin. [4] Non-alcohol based versions may contain benzalkonium chloride or triclosan. [8] [9]Alcohol has been used as an antiseptic at least as early as 1363 with evidence to support its use becoming available in the late 1800s. [10] Alcohol-based hand sanitizer has been commonly used in Europe since at least the 1980s. [11] The alcohol-based version is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system. [12] The wholesale cost in the developing world is about 1.40 to 3.70 USD per liter bottle. [13] [5]Contents [ hide ]1 Uses1.1 General public1.2 Health care2 Safety2.1 Fire2.2 Skin2.3 Ingestion2.4 Non alcohol based3 Chemistry4 Types4.1 Surgical hand disinfection4.2 Alcohol-free5 Society and culture6 See also7 Notes8 Sources9 External links Uses [ edit]General public [ edit]The CDC Clean Hands campaign instructs the public hand washing. Alcohol- based hand sanitizer is only recommended if soap and water is not available. [14]When using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer: Apply product to the palm of one hand. Rub hands together. Rub the product over all surfaces of hands and fingers until hands are dry. [14]The evidence for hand hygiene in school generally is of poor quality. [15]Health care [ edit]Hand alcohol in a hospital Alcohol-based hand sanitizer is preferable to hand washing with soap and water in most situations in the healthcare setting. [3] It is generally more effective at killing microorganisms and better tolerated than soap and water. [4] Hand washing should still be carried out if contamination can be seen or following the use of the toilet. [5]Hand sanitizer that contains at least 60 percent alcohol or contains a "persistent antiseptic" should be used. [16] [17] Alcohol rubs kill many different kinds of bacteria, including antibiotic resistant bacteria and TB bacteria. 90% alcohol rubs are highly flammable, but kill many kinds of viruses, including enveloped viruses such as the flu virus, the common cold virus, and HIV, though is notably ineffective against the rabies virus. [18] [19] [20]90% alcohol rubs are more effective against viruses than most other form of hand washing. [21] Isopropyl alcohol will kill 99.99 percent or more of all non-spore forming bacteria in less than 30 seconds, both in the laboratory and on human skin. [16] [22]The alcohol in hand sanitizers may not have the 10–15 seconds exposure time required to denature proteins and lyse cells in too low quantities (0.3 m L) or concentrations (below 60%). [23] In environments with high lipids or protein waste (such as food processing), the use of alcohol hand rubs alone may not be sufficient to ensure proper hand hygiene. [23]For health care settings like hospitals and clinics, optimum alcohol concentration to kill bact
To the best of our knowledge, events at the submolecular level are, even in principle, probabilistic (more precisely, all systems are probabilistic, but the probabilities sort of get washed out into averages when you get into large numbers of particles). That is, the "state" of a system at a given time doesn't include exact information about every piece of information you would like to know. Instead, certain properties are always arranged with probability distributions of some sort. As such, if you duplicated our entire universe—by which I mean you had another universe in which the state of every particle precisely matched the current state of every particle in our universe—it's not even guaranteed that they would be the same at *any* time after that initial coincidence.
In winter the amount of daylight is reduced. When it is dark a chemical (also known as a neurotransmitter) in the brain called melatonin is produced from another chemical called serotonin. Melatonin's job is to make you get ready to go to sleep. However, if serotonin levels become deplete it can lead to low mood. So in winter when there is more darkness people who are already close to being depressed may be pushed through the threshold.
This comment is toxic.
Development tools for 8051?
How do you rest your rescue password if you don't remember your answers to the sequrity questions?
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
- Hemp Seeds in Hindi. I’ve recently gotten the question of what are hemp seeds in hindi. There seem to be two possible answers: “ 1 Sun Dil” –> this means heart seeds (“sun” meaning seeds and “dil” meaning heart) “ Bina chilke ka bhang” –> this means hemp seeds without outer shell (“bina chilke” meaning without shell and “bhang” meaning marijuana)
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
How much do locum vets earn in Australia? This is variable but locum vets commonly earn between $45 to $60 per hour plus superannuation with $50 per hour plus superannuation being the usual rate. The amount a locum vet can earn compares very favourably with permanent salaries.
Cape Town 1944, 47% of the city's population was White, 46% was Coloured, less than 6% was Black African and 1% was Asian. Of those residents who were asked about their first language, 35.7% spoke Afrikaans, 29.8% spoke Xhosa and 28.4% spoke English. 24.8% of the population is under the age of 15, while 5.5% is 65 or older. Of those residents aged 20 or older, 1.8% have no schooling, 8.1% have some schooling but did not finish primary school, 4.6% finished primary school but have no secondary schooling, 38.9% have some secondary schooling but did not finish Grade 12, 29.9% finished
Nissan Titan Diesel Gets Ram 1500 EcoDieselâs Sloppy Seconds 2014 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel vs 2015 Nissan Titan Diesel. 2014 is expected to be a big year for diesel-equipped pickups, and two of the most talked-about vehicles right now are the 2014 Ram 1500 EcoDiesel and the 2015 Nissan Titan Diesel, both of which are set to be released within the next couple of months.
- Bronwood is a town in Terrell County, Georgia, United States.As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 225. It is part of the Albany, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area. Bronwood is located at 31°49′51″N 84°21′50″W﻿ / ﻿31.83083°N 84.36389°W﻿ / 31.83083; -84.36389 (31.830959, -84.363942).The closest cities are Dawson (six miles away), Americus 21 miles and Albany 25 miles.t is part of the Albany, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area. Bronwood is located at 31°49′51″N 84°21′50″W﻿ / ﻿31.83083°N 84.36389°W﻿ / 31.83083; -84.36389 (31.830959, -84.363942). The closest cities are Dawson (six miles away), Americus 21 miles and Albany 25 miles.
Fetal development: The 2nd trimester Week 27: 2nd trimester ends. This week marks the end of the second trimester. At 27 weeks, or 25 weeks after conception, your baby's lungs and nervous system are continuing to mature — and he or she has likely been growing like a weed. Previous.
The Lowdown on Fiber and Why Your Body Really Needs It HEALTH & WELLNESS / Diet NEXT STORYThe Lowdown on Fiber and Why Your Body Really Needs It Mar 03, 2017by Mary Fetzer Image: Wanwisa Hernandez/Eye Em/Getty Images Print Fiber isn't just a health food buzzword — it's actually really important that you get enough Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble When it comes to a healthy diet, we are constantly dealing with buzzwords being thrown at us — but it turns out that dietary fiber is much more than just a crazy term or fad that can be ignored. Eating a fiber-rich diet is extremely important and absolutely imperative to keep bodily functions running smoothly. Yet to most of us, fiber still remains a mystery. What is fiber? Fiber is the part of plant foods that your body can't digest or absorb. It is also referred to as roughage or bulk. "By classification, fiber is considered an indigestible carbohydrate," explains Dr. Elaine Rancatore of 2RHealth. More: Yes, Young Women Can Have Heart Attacks Too But fiber is very different from other carbohydrates — and much lower in calories. The benefits of fiber Don't let the term "indigestible" throw you off. Although fiber is not digestible, it is good for the body in many ways, says naturopathic physician Wendy Wells. "Eating fiber increases the immune system in your gut, feeds the good probiotic bacteria there, keeps the digestive lining healthy and absorbs and pulls out excess hormones, cholesterol, fat and toxins from the body," Wells says. And pulling out those toxins is part of what make fiber so important. "Many of the health problems we face start from a poor or sluggish digestion caused from built-up waste material in our colon," says Siv Sjöholm, nutrition expert and founder of Success is Vitality. "Fiber helps us digest and pass the foods we eat. By increasing our fiber intake, we decrease the risks of common diseases such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes and obesity. "More: 8 Meditations That Will Relax You in 10 Minutes or Less But the benefits of fiber don't stop there. Nutrition and wellness coach Michelle Pfennighaus outlined these added bonuses: Fiber slows the absorption of sugar into your bloodstream to help maintain stable blood sugar levels and help prevent Type-2 diabetes. Fiber lowers bad LDL cholesterol and promotes heart health. Fiber helps keep you feeling full and satisfied and more in control of your appetite and weight. Fiber keeps your digestive system healthy and regular, helping you to avoid constipation and the risk of diverticulitis. Fiber reduces the risk of certain types of cancer, including colon and breast cancer. The different types of fiber There are two types of dietary fiber, and you need both. Insoluble fiber adds the bulk needed to clean out the colon and regulate bowel movements. This fiber, or roughage, acts like a sponge. As it absorbs water, it swells inside your intestine and produces a feeling of fullness. The insoluble fiber moves through the digestive system to remove waste, toxins and materials your body doesn't need. Soluble fiber comes from fruit, some vegetables, brown rice, beans, barley peas, lentils, oats and bran. Soluble fiber mixes with water and digestive enzymes made by the liver to create a gel. This gel works chemically to prevent and reduce the body's absorption of substances that may be harmful. It is soluble fiber that helps control blood sugar and reduces cholesterol. How to eat more To increase your fiber intake, try adding these foods to your diet: Fruits, vegetables, beans, peas, lentils Nuts and seeds Whole grains More: Behind the Alarming Rise in Colon Cancer Diagnoses for Gen Xers & Millennials Before you go, check out our slideshow below. Originally published April 2012. Updated March 2017. Tagged in diet tips fiber health Comments 
The shape of a boomerang creates aerodynamic lift and drag on one side. When you throw it, its path through the air is turned by this effect until it completes a circle and comes right back to you.
Oland Brewery Oland Brewery is a brewing company in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, and a unit of Labatt Brewing Company, itself a unit of InBev.
List of Dinosaur Names List of Dinosaur Names Looking for a list of names of dinosaurs, and what they mean? Check out our alphabetical list of names, their meanings, and some other cool kids facts!Click to jump straight to a list of dinosaurs, or read about how the names came about. The name 'dinosaur' itself means 'terrible lizard'. The name was given to them by Richard Owen, a British Scientist. He studied animal fossils for several years, and belived that the bones came from a new group of animals - a group that at the time was unknown to science. He picked the word dinosaur by combining two Greek words - deinos (which means terrible), and sauros (which means lizard). Sponsored Links Many dinosaur fossils are still being discovered. They are normally named by the person who finds them, or by the paleontologist who confirms it is a new type. The name then has to be approved by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature . They are often named according to where they were found, or something unusual about them. Sometimes their name reflects the type of dinosaur they are thought to be. Check out the list below to see the meanings of some of the the most common dinosaur names. List of dinosaur names Dinosaur Names Meaning of Name AAlbertosaurus Alberta Lizard Allosaurus Different Lizard Ankylosaurus Stiff Lizard Apatosaurus Deceptive Lizard BBaryonyx Heavy Claw Brachiosaurus Arm Lizard CCamarasaurus Chambered lizard Carnotaurus Meat-eating bull Coelophysis Hollow Form Compsognathus Elegant Jaw Corythosaurus Helmet lizard DDeinonychus Chambered lizard Diplodocus Double-beam lizard EEdmontosaurus Lizard from Edmonton Euoplocephalus Well-armoured head GGallimimus Chicken-mimic Gigantosaurus Giant Southern Lizard Giraffatitan Giraffe Titan HHypsilophodon High Ridge Tooth IIguanodon Iguana tooth JJanenschia Named after Werner Janensch Jobaria Jobar (a creature of Sahara legends)KKentrosaurus Spiked lizard LLesothosaurus Lizard from Lesotho MMacrurosaurus Long Tailed Lizard Maiasaura Good Mother lizard Mamenchisaurus Mamen Brook Lizard Megalosaurus Great Lizard Minmi From Minmi Crossing NNotoceratops Southern horned face OOrnithomimus Bird Mimic Oviraptor Egg Thief PPachycephalosaurus Thick headed lizard Parasaurolophus Beside Saurolophus (another dinosaur)Plateosaurus Flat reptile Protoceratops First horned face Psittacosaurus Parrot Lizard RRiojasaurus Lizard from Rioja SSaurolophus The ridged lizard Saurophaganax Lizard eating master Seismosaurus Earth shaking lizard Spinosaurus Spine lizard Stegosaurus Roofed lizard Stegoceras Horned Roof Styracosaurus Spiked lizard TTriceratops Three horned Face Troodon Wounded tooth Tyrannosaurus Tyrant lizard Tyrannotitan Tyrant Titan VVelociraptor Quick plunderer WWannanosaurus Wannano lizard XXiaosaurus Dawn lizard YYangchuanosaurus Yangchuan lizard ZZigongosaurus Zingong lizard Leave Dinosaur Names for Kids-Dinosaurs.com Home Share this page: What’s this? Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Tumblr Reddit Enjoy this page? Please share it. Here's how... 
A Bushel And A Peck â Doris Day Sheet Music Song Details: A Bushel and a Peck is a 1950 popular song, which was written and composed by Frank Loesser. The song was originally one of the musical numbers in Loesser's 1950 Broadway musical Guys and Dolls. Doris Day released a cover version of the song that same year. Sheet Music Print and download options may vary.
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
This comment is not toxic.
fluency Definition of fluency for English Language Learners. : 1  the ability to speak easily and smoothly; especially : the ability to speak a foreign language easily and effectively. : 2  the ability to do something in a way that seems very easy.
One Heartbeat One Heartbeat is a million-selling 1987 album by R&B singer/songwriter Smokey Robinson. It hit number one on the "Billboard" R&B albums chart.
This comment is not toxic.
The Boat Race The course covers a 4.2-mile (6.8 km) stretch of the Thames in West London, from Putney to Mortlake. Members of both teams are traditionally known as "blues" and each boat as a "Blue Boat", with Cambridge in light blue and Oxford dark blue. As of 2018, Cambridge has won the men's race 83 times and Oxford 80 times, with one dead heat. Cambridge has led Oxford in cumulative wins since 1930. In the women's race, Cambridge have won the race 43 times and Oxford 30 times. Cambridge has led Oxford in cumulative wins since 1966. A reserve boat race has
Physalis Physalis (/ˈfaɪsəlɪs/ , sometimes /faɪˈseɪlɪs/ , from physalis = bladder) is a genus of flowering plants in the nightshade family (Solanaceae), which grow in warm temperate and subtropical regions of the world. Most of the species, of which there may be 75-90, are indigenous to the New World.ot all Physalis species bear edible fruit. Select species are cultivated for their edible fruit, however; the typical Physalis fruit is similar to a firm tomato in texture, and like strawberries or pineapple in flavor, with a mild acidity.
Well, this gravity could be repulsive if you have negative mass. However, if anyone were to actually be able to *answer* this question, they would probably be awarded the Nobel Prize of Physics for the year.  Nobody knows why gravity isn't repulsive, the same way nobody knows why the equations for gravity and Electrostatic forces are virtually the same (save the k and G constants, which are 20 orders apart) and yet electrostatics can be repulsive whereas gravity is only attractive. Sure, you can give that half-assed answer of, "Well we obviously know that electrostatics are repulsive and attractive because there's positive and negative charges..." that's not my point here. My point is nobody can *prove* why the equations, being nearly identical, shouldn't **both** be able to have attractive *and* repulsive tendencies in given situations. I don't believe anyone here will be able to answer your question, as nobody knows the answer yet.
Any living organism relies on an external source of energy—radiation from the Sun in the case of green plants, chemical energy in some form in the case of animals—to be able to grow and reproduce. The daily 1500–2000 Calories (6–8 MJ) recommended for a human adult are taken as a combination of oxygen and food molecules, the latter mostly carbohydrates and fats, of which glucose (C6H12O6) and stearin (C57H110O6) are convenient examples. The food molecules are oxidised to carbon dioxide and water in the mitochondria
Computing the Ball Size of Frequency Permutations under Chebyshev
  Distance
Create an alarm.
Earwax
Geraldine Mock A National Aeronautic Association press release, dated April 18, 1964, announced that Geraldine Jerrie Mock had just become the first woman to fly solo around the world. Previous attempts by women, including the ill-fated 1937 flight of Amelia Earhart, were unsuccessful.
Abjection, Watercolor, 14x11
Nickel Plate 765 Nickel Plate Road no. 765 is a 2-8-4 "Berkshire" type steam locomotive built for the Nickel Plate Road in 1944 by the Lima Locomotive Works in Lima, Ohio. Classified as a "S-2" class Berkshire, the locomotive operated fast, heavy freight and passenger trains until retirement in 1958. Pere Marquette 1225 is also a Lima built Berkshire very similar in appearance and specifications to 765.
License plates are ID for your car... With that information one (with the right tools or methods) can trace it to your ID ie: name, home address etc etc etc...
Create an alarm.
service-level agreement (SLA) Definitionservice-level agreement (SLA)This definition is part of our Essential Guide: A comprehensive look at the path to cloud migrations Posted by: Margaret Rouse What Is.com Contributor (s): John Moore & Cecinio Silva Lacerda A service-level agreement (SLA) is a contract between a service provider and its internal or external customers that documents what services the provider will furnish and defines the performance standards the provider is obligated to meet. Download this free guide Could Securing Your Channel Business Be Easier? We Can Help. Download our latest guide to the top strategies solution providers can leverage for starting up and securing a cloud practice, successful approaches to selling and marketing cloud, and why it is urgent for partners to transition now. Corporate E-mail Address: By submitting your personal information, you agree that Tech Target and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. SLAs establish customer expectations with regard to the service provider's performance and quality in a number of ways. Some metrics that SLAs may specify include: Availability and uptime -- the percentage of the time services will be available. Specific performance benchmarks to which actual performance will be periodically compared. Application response time. The schedule for notification in advance of network changes that may affect users. Help desk response time for various classes of problems. Usage statistics that will be provided. An SLA may specify availability, performance and other parameters for different types of customer infrastructure -- internal networks, servers and infrastructure components such as uninterruptable power supplies, for example. Overview of SLAs: Penalties and exclusions In addition to establishing performance metrics, an SLA may include a plan for addressing downtime and documentation for how the service provider will compensate customers in the event of a contract breach. Service credits are a typical remedy. Here, the service provider issues credits to the customer based on an SLA-specified calculation. Service providers, for example, might provide credits commensurate with the amount of time it exceeded the SLA's performance guarantee. The SLA will also include a section detailing exclusions, that is, situations in which an SLA's guarantees -- and penalties for failing to meet them -- don't apply. The list might include events such as natural disasters or terrorist acts. This section is sometimes referred to as a force majeure clause, which aims to excuse the service provider from events beyond its control. Who needs a service-level agreement? SLAs are thought to have originated with network service providers, but are now widely used in a range of IT-related fields. Companies that establish SLAs include IT service providers, managed service providers, and cloud computing service providers. Corporate IT organizations, particularly those that have embraced IT service management ( ITSM ), enter SLAs with their in-house customers (users in other departments within the enterprise). An IT department creates an SLA so that its services can be measured, justified and perhaps compared with those of outsourcing vendors. PRO+Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook IT managed services companies: Making the transition work Service providers need SLAs to help them manage customer expectations and define the circumstances under which they are not liable for outages or performance issues. Customers can also benefit from SLAs in that they describe the performance characteristics of the service, which can be compared with other vendors' SLAs, and also set forth the means for redressing service issues -- via service credits, for example. For a service provider, the SLA is typically one of two foundational agr
How long is a mortgage preapproval good for? If mortgage rates rise, you will qualify for less; if mortgage rates fall, you can qualify for more. But since mortgage rates change daily, even hourly, lenders often make the preapproval letter valid for a given period of time, sometimes up to 90 days. If the conditional commitment period has expired, but you haven’t found a home you want to buy, you’ll want to get an updated preapproval letter from the lender.
- Police Department. STURGIS is located in St. Joseph County, Michigan and is bordered to the south by Indiana and the Indiana Toll Road. M-66 and US-12 run through Sturgis. Population is over 11,000 and is the largest city in the county. THE STURGIS POLICE DEPARTMENT employees a staff of 25 full time personnel with 19 sworn officers. This includes one full time detective and a Youth Services Officer working in the schools.
hi! there's lots of room for more input on this question, but FYI, there is a related section in the FAQ* - check it out for previous discussions:  [Mineral resource extraction](_URL_0_) *see the link on the sidebar or the wiki tab
This comment is not toxic.
MÃ©niÃ¨reâs disease Stage one (early): unpredictable attacks of vertigo. The main feature is intermittent attacks of vertigo which can last from a few minutes to hours. During the attack there is a variable amount of hearing loss along with a sensation of fullness in the affected ear.
What does it actually mean when someone says their website is hacked?
Ricoh From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Ricoh Company, Ltd. 株式会社リコーThe Ricoh Building in Tokyo, the headquarters of Ricoh Type Public Traded as TYO: 7752OTCQB : RICOYBSE : 517496Industry Electronics Founded Tokyo, February 6, 1936; 82 years ago Headquarters Chūō, Tokyo, Japan Area served Worldwide Key people Shiro Kondo ( Chairman)Yoshinori Yamashita (President & CEO)Products Copiers (such as plain paper copiers (PPCs)), printers (multi-functional printers (MFPs), laser printers and GELJET printers), production printing products and facsimile machines. Revenue ¥ 2.231 trillion (2015)Net income ¥68.562 billion (2015)Number of employees 109,361 (March 31, 2016)Website www .ricoh .com The Ricoh Company, Ltd. ( 株式会社リコー Kabushiki-gaisha Rikō) is a Japanese multinational imaging and electronics company. It was founded by the RIKEN zaibatsu on 6 February 1936 as Riken Sensitized Paper ( 理研感光紙Riken Kankōshi). Ricoh's headquarters are located in Ricoh Building in Chūō, Tokyo. [1]Ricoh produces electronic products, primarily cameras and office equipment such as printers, photocopiers, fax machines, offers Software as a Service (Saa S) document management solutions such as Document Mall, Ricoh Docs, document solutions such as Global Scan, Print&Share [2] and also offers Projectors. In the late 1990s through early 2000s, the company grew to become the largest copier manufacturer in the world. During this time, Ricoh acquired Savin, Gestetner, Lanier, Rex-Rotary, Monroe, Nashuatec, IKON and most recently IBM Printing Systems Division / Infoprint Solutions Company. Although the Monroe brand was discontinued, products continue to be marketed worldwide under the remaining brand names. In 2006, Ricoh acquired the European operations of Danka for $210 million. These operations continue as a stand-alone business unit, under the Infotec brand. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Operations2.1 Regional headquarters2.2 Ricoh Research3 Products4 Sponsorships5 References6 External links History [ edit]The company was founded in 1936. Before relocating to Chūō, Ricoh was first in Minato, Tokyo. [3] In 2006 Ricoh's headquarters moved to the Ricoh Building, a 25-story building in the Ginza area in Chūō; there it occupies the same space as its sales offices. [4]During the 1960s and 1970s Ricoh made wrist watches for both the Japanese domestic market and international markets, briefly entering into a partnership with Hamilton Watch Company, for the creation of the Ricoh Hamilton Electric watch. [5]Throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, Ricoh was the primary manufacturer of Pitney-Bowes copiers. They have also manufactured copiers for Toshiba, fax machines for AT&T Corporation and Omnifax, as well as a wide variety of equipment for numerous other companies including duplicators for AB Dick. They also manufactured the Ricoh 2A03 8-bit processor used in the Nintendo Entertainment System. In 2003 Ricoh bought naming rights to the CNE Coliseum (now known as Ricoh Coliseum) in Toronto. In 2004 Ricoh acquired Hitachi Printing Solutions, Ltd creating a new company, Ricoh Printing Systems, Ltd. In 2005 Ricoh bought the naming rights to the stadium/entertainment complex, home to Coventry City Football Club now called the Ricoh Arena. In September 2005 Ricoh launched its new designed logo for the ricoh brand. The logo used before has been introduced in 1986. [6]In November 2006, Ricoh announced the integration of the head office of Ricoh Europe B. V. (REBV) in Amstelveen, Netherlands, with NRG's European headquarters in London, United Kingdom. This was completed on April 1, with the former NRG HQ in London becoming the Strategic HQ and the former REBV HQ in Amstelveen becoming the Operational HQ. This mirrors a similar process which took place in the US with Lanier and Ricoh USA. This integration was the first step in integration within each country in Europe. A single country organisation was created in Austria on July 1, 2007, the UK integration being currently in process and integration also taking place in Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, 
WordPress Custom Page Template in a different directory
Planning Grant Planning Grant. Grant - Federal and State Government: Planning Grant. A grant disbursed for the planning stages of a project.It funds all the activities involved therein. Click here for additional Planning Grant / Grant application and federal proposals. Definition: Planning Grant - Small Business Grants (Women and Minority grant programs)
- Definition of tritagonist. plural. -s. : the actor taking the part of third importance in a play (as in the ancient Greek theater) — compare deuteragonist, protagonist.
The Minotaur (opera) – he may be the son of Poseidon. Ariadne tries to seduce Theseus and persuade him to take her to Greece when he returns. He is unmoved. "Scene 9: The Minotaur Dreams" Asleep again, the Minotaur voices his despair at his compromised existence. An image of Ariadne appears and he wonders whether she might help him to escape the labyrinth. Ariadne meanwhile asks the Minotaur "are you my key to the world outside?" Theseus appears again as a shadowy figure. "Scene 10: The Oracle at Psychro" Ariadne asks the Snake Priestess how she might help Theseus escape the labyrinth. In
Most of the ones you're seeing are water soluble, so you just per them out. Stuff like b12 will make your pee kinda stinky Fun fact, if you need to pass a drug test you can drink a ton of water to dilute everything out, take a creatine supplement to replace creatinine and b12 for color. Doesn't work if they use GC/mass spec though
Ryuichi Kawamura Ryuichi Kawamura (河村 隆一 , Kawamura Ryūichi , born May 20, 1970 in Yamato, Kanagawa) is a Japanese singer-songwriter, actor and record producer. He is best known as lead singer of the rock band Luna Sea. After the group disbanded in 2000, Kawamura continued his successful solo career. In 2005 he formed Tourbillon with fellow Luna Sea member Inoran and Hiroaki Hayama. He has recently rejoined Luna Sea, as they reunited in August 2010.
How Far Away Can You See a Candle at Night? How Far Away Can You See a Candle at Night? Posted on January 5, 2014 by admin Pin 38 Share 75 Tweet +1 4117We live in a world of light, almost anywhere in the United States you walk out the door in the middle of the night and you will see lights. They are everywhere and as a result; we fail to fully understand the question, how far away can you see a candle at night. Because the earth is round, its surface curves out of sight at a distance of 3.1 miles, or 5 kilometers. Now with normal eyesight our visual acuity extends far beyond the horizon. If the Earth was flat, or if you were standing high on a mountain, you could see bright lights hundreds of miles in the distance. On a dark night, you could even see a candle flame flickering up to 30 mi. (48 km) away. Because most of us live in areas where we are used to seeing lights all the time, we fail to realize how far away they can be seen. When you are bugging in and light that candle, you had better be sure that it cannot be seen from outside your home. See the following article for information on blacking out your windows. The Problems of Blacking Out Your Windows When Bugging In Cigarettes or any other light sources can be seen from much farther than we are used too, 3.1 miles on flat land, farther if the observer is at a high elevation.. With all the ambient lights that surround us, most of us are not used to a truly dark night, many who live in a city may never have seen one. When you are planning on how to light your bugging in locations or lighting that campfire, think about the question of, how far away can you see a candle at night. If you look at yourself as the center of a circle depending on the terrain, anyone 3.1 miles in any direction may be able to see your light. If the person looking is on high ground, he may be farther away. Take a map of your area and draw a circle 3.1 miles in diameter with you at the center, now take terrain features and landscaping into consideration and you can determine from where lights at your location can be seen. Howard Related posts: The Problems of Iodine Tablets for Water Purification A Review of the Book "Build the Perfect Bug Out Bag" For all You Mountain Man Preppers Who Plan to Live off the Land. A Comparison of Four Different Fire Starters Pin 38 Share 75 Tweet +1 4117This entry was posted in Operational Secrecy, security, survival and tagged How far can you see a candle at night?. Bookmark the permalink . 
How do I grow my penis?
A lot of people think that politics is completely economic, but that's pretty narrow. A lot of people are what's called "values voters", meaning that their key political motivation at the polls are politicians views on moral and social issues. Values voters will often completely overlook a politician's views on economic issues because the social positions are so important to them.
Agriculture and horticulture seek to optimize the capture of solar energy in order to optimize the productivity of plants. Techniques such as timed planting cycles, tailored row orientation, staggered heights between rows and the mixing of plant varieties can improve crop yields. While sunlight is generally considered a plentiful resource, the exceptions highlight the importance of solar energy to agriculture. During the short growing seasons of the Little Ice Age, French and English farmers employed fruit walls to maximize the collection of solar energy. These walls acted as thermal masses and accelerated ripening by keeping plants warm. Early fruit walls were built perpendicular to the ground and facing south, but over time, sloping walls were developed to make better use of sunlight. In 1699, Nicolas Fatio de Duillier even suggested using a tracking mechanism which could pivot to follow the Sun. Applications of solar energy in agriculture aside from growing crops include pumping water, drying crops, brooding chicks and drying chicken manure. More recently the technology has been embraced by vinters, who use the energy generated by solar panels to power grape presses.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
How does a seismograph work? What is the Richter scale? The Richter scale is a standard scale used to compare earthquakes. It is a logarithmic scale, meaning that the numbers on the scale measure factors of 10. So, for example, an earthquake that measures 4.0 on the Richter scale is 10 times larger than one that measures 3.0. On the Richter scale, anything below 2.0 is undetectable to a normal person and is called a microquake. Microquakes occur constantly. Moderate earthquakes measure less than 6.0 or so on the Richter scale. Earthquakes measuring more than 6.0 can cause significant damage.
Interesting question. A peptide is technically any two or more amino acids linked by a peptide bond, so there is no maximum size. All proteins are peptide chains, the largest one in humans is titin, a spring-like muscle protein comprised of 34350 amino acids. Its virtually impossible to work with biochemically as a whole. Probably, there are bigger peptides out there.  Protein can also be used to refer to any peptide chain and in nutrition I believe it refers simply to amino acid content. There is no strictly delineated minimal size. In terms of usage, protein generally refers to a complete gene product, whatever its size. Protein fragment is used to refer to incomplete gene products greater than 30-40 amino acids in length, and peptide is used to refer to everything smaller.
- DWORD is a typedef for, as you mentioned, 'double word' sized integers. It's a way of sizing them, rather than giving bit numbers. 64 bit = QWORD (quad-word). They are useful, because that way you know you have, for example, 32 bits worth of space to store information in.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Codiaeum Codiaeum is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1824. It is native to insular Southeast Asia, northern Australia and Papuasia.
1999 Liberty Bowl The 1999 AXA Liberty Bowl was a postseason college football game played between the Colorado State Rams and the Southern Miss Golden Eagles on December 31, 1999, at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee. Southern Miss won the game 23–17; the game was highlighted by Southern Miss's strong defense, which scored two touchdowns and held Colorado State scoreless in the second half.
- Wyndham Hotel Group is the world's largest and most diverse hotel company, encompassing approximately 7,200 hotels and more than 600,000 rooms in 66 countries under fifteen hotel brands.
Numerical model of Electron Cyclotron Resonance Ion Source
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
it would depend entirely on the depth/amount of the water, pressure increases in water with one atmosphere (1 atm) every 10 meters. If this is a flood situation we're talking about though, the flow of water would also increase pressure and weight would be more important, 1 L of seawater has a mass of 1 Kg, so it depends on how much those doors would be able to take.
Abdominal cavity Abdominal cavity The abdominal cavity is a large body cavity in humans and many other animals that contains many organs. It is a part of the abdominopelvic cavity. It is located below the thoracic cavity, and above the pelvic cavity. Its dome-shaped roof is the thoracic diaphragm, a thin sheet of muscle under the lungs, and its floor is the pelvic inlet, opening into the pelvis. Organs of the abdominal cavity include the stomach, liver, gallbladder, spleen, pancreas, small intestine, kidneys, large intestine, and adrenal glands. The abdominal cavity is lined with a protective membrane termed the peritoneum. The inside
There are a bunch of different *protocols* your computer uses to figure out how to interact with the internet. HTTP is what you use to transfer webpages; there's also SMTP (used for sending emails), POP (used for recieving emails), FTP (used for transfering files), and a bunch of others. But all that browsers *do* is transfer webpages, so they can safely assume that you mean to use HTTP. Now, the www. prefix *is* technically necessary; it's just part of the domain name, same as "neopets" or ".com". The thing is, it's become a standard for *every* website to begin its domain name with www. So if you just type in "_URL_1_", many websites will redirect you to "_URL_0_", and many browsers will automatically try to add in the prefix if needed.
During the Cold War, the "enemy" of the United States (as well as most of the wealthy world) were all self-proclaimed socialist nations (The USSR and China being the largest). The word "socialism" has come to represent all the things US Americans prefer about their way of life to that of those countries: freedom, democracy and capitalism. So to call someone a socialist is often to associate them with the brutish Communist societies of the Cold War. Objectively, Obama is not a socialist. Socialism is any social system where the means of production (ie, all the things presently owned by employers like machines and tools as well as land) are "socially" rather than privately owned and controlled. Obama is more accurately described as a Social Democrat, someone whose ideal society is quite capitalist but with a government who often intervenes to improve efficiency and fairness.
Get recipes.
Clear isn't specifically in reference to color. In this case it is meaning that you can see through it at room temperature. Nothing solid or opaque like milk or cream  _URL_0_
De Dietrich Remeha De Dietrich Remeha is one of Europe's biggest manufacturers and distributors of domestic and commercial water and space heating systems. Headquartered in Apeldoorn in the Netherlands, it was founded in July 2004 after a merger between the Dutch firm Remeha, and the French firm De Dietrich Thermique. In July 2009, the heavily laden with debt British Baxi group agreed to merge with De Dietrich Remeha, creating the BDR Thermea Group.
prime time prime time Definition Popular Terms Part of daily broadcast time during which the number of listeners or viewers is the highest. In radio broadcasting, there are commonly two prime times: Morning drive (6 a.m. to 10 a.m.), and Afternoon or Evening drive (3 p.m. to 7 p.m.), Monday through Friday. In TV broadcasting, the only prime time is from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m., Monday through Saturday, and from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. on Sunday.marketingmarketing conce...distribution ch...marketing strat...productreceivingmarketing mixmarket orientat...market equilibr... Use 'prime time' in a Sentence You need to try and get your product marketed during prime time so that as many people can see it as possible.20 people found this helpful The show was on during prime time, which was great because I was a stay at home mom and had all the time in the world.17 people found this helpful The network decided not to air the violent drama during prime time, when most families would be watching TV during and after dinner.14 people found this helpful Show More Examples You Also Might Like... Adam Colgate How Businesses Use Social Media for Recruiting You can't go anywhere these days without being bombarded by social media. Whether you're reading an online article or shopping in the local mall, social media is everywhere. Tweet It... Like It... Share It... Pin It... How can your small business harness the ... Jeffrey Glen Monopoly vs. Oligopoly Ryan May Top Sources for Black Friday Deals The race is on! With retailers both large and small bracing for what's predicted to be a somewhat lackluster holiday shopping season in terms of sales, many are offering unprecedented deals on a wide range of goods and services to grab those crucial ... Jeffrey Glen RAM vs. ROMLeo Sun Why is Corporate Governance Important? Corporate governance is the way a corporation polices itself. In short, it is a method of governing the company like a sovereign state, instating its own customs, policies and laws to its employees from the highest to the lowest levels. Corporate ... 
What Causes Muscle Stiffness? Muscle stiffness is caused when the muscles in a certain area of the body contract and become tense. Stiff muscles can happen from a variety of situations. These situations can range from having periods of inactivity to exercising, physical labor or playing sports.he joints in a person's body may experience stiffness from an injury or a strain. Stiffness in the joints can also begin as a person ages. Tendinitis, muscle spasms and arthritis cause pain and stiffness in the joints as well.
LEA-White Farms Registered Highland Cattle We don't feed much grain here at the farm. We are firm believers that cattle were designed to eat grass, hay and other forage. Our calves receive a small amount of grain over their first winter, as weanlings, just to balance their ration. Because of this fact, we don't have a problem with grain overload, but it is an extremely important subject for those who are planning on feeding grain to cattle. In addition, bread loaves, bags of snack chips and fruit can have the same effect as grain feeding. Cattle get sick or even die everyday from receiving too much high carbohydrate products of some kind or another. Acidosis is the most important nutritional problem that faces feedlot operators and dairy managers on a daily basis. It also it an important subject for the small herd owner to be aware, particularly if using grain supplements, brewery by-products, fruit or fruit by-products, and bread or snack chip products in a feed program for cattle. Grains or any easily digestible, low-fiber carbohydrate are subject to fermentation by microorganisms in the rumen of the cow. When carbohydrates are broken down in the rumen, acids are produced. When the intake of carbohydrates is particularly high, acid levels increase at a rate faster than they can be neutralized by saliva and this results in rumen acidosis. The severity of the acidosis may range from mild and unnoticed to life threatening. Cows are designed to consume forage, with its high level of plant fiber. This fiber acts indirectly as a buffer in the rumen because it causes the cow to chew and produce saliva. The quality of the fiber also affects its ability to act as a buffer; fibrous feed ground too fine will decrease the effectiveness of the fiber in the diet. Acidosis does not cause just a single set of signs but a variety of conditions, mostly related to either the digestive system, or the feet. Conditions associated with acidosis include1. laminitis (founder and its associated problems such as sole ulcers, sole abscesses chronic hoof wall changes etc. ), lameness2. polioencephalomalacia (thiamine deficiency- thiamine is manufactured in the bovine rumen by bacteria; with sufficient die off of microorganisms, no thiamine is produced and the animal shows signs of brain disease, such as staggering, incoordination and seizures.)3. sudden death syndrome (probably cases of grain overload)4. grain bloat5. transient diarrhea6 Poor production, reduced appetite, lower milk production7. liver abscesses8. many others“Grain overload” is a specific disease that is also called lactic acidosis. Grain overload is the most extreme of the conditions causing severe rumen acidosis and severe systemic illness. The condition may lead to cardiovascular collapse, kidney failure, muscular weakness, shock and death. Acute laminitis may be seen, and this is usually in the animals that are not so severely affected. Furthermore, in the animal dying from grain overload, the feet are the last thing you would be worried about. This is the most dramatic manifestation of rumen acidosis where rumen p H drops to well below 5, with subsequent inflammation to the rumen wall. This is most common in cattle that accidentally gain access to large quantities of grain or other readily digestible carbohydrates. It is also seen in feedlot cattle that are introduced to a heavy grain diet too quickly. Wheat, barley, milo and corn are readily digestible grains. Wheat is considered the most digestible, followed by barley, then corn and grain sorghum. However, processing of the grain affects its digestibility. Anything that disrupts the outer tough layer of the grain will increase digestibility, and also affect the likelihood of contributing to the development of acidosis. Thus wheat, barley and high-moisture corn are more rapidly digested and likely to be a problem than dry rolled corn, dry whole corn or dry rolled grain sorghum. Oats are in a class by themselves. Oats are a very fermentable grain, but are much lighter in weight than other grains, and much higher in fiber. If f
Get news stories.
Delete a reminder.
Thermal expansion will cause pipes to expand in Summer, and shrink in water. So, the bend allows it to flex, so that it doesn't break the pipe. Normally, they use expansion gaps for that, but when you're transporting liquids or gasses, leaving a gap in the pipe tends to have sub optimal effects. It's known as a loop expansion joint.
Effective Retail Salesperson Compensation Plans VARIABLE COMMISSION RATE BASED ON VOLUME. Stepped commission rates based on volume sold are also very popular in the furniture industry. For example, a store may pay 5% on sales up to $25,000, 5.5% on sales between $25,000 and 35,000, 6% on sales between $35,000 and $45,000, and 7% for sales over $40,000.
Is it safe to leave cream cheese sit at room temperature? If you want my personal thought, which may not be correct, I think maybe in the next day it will ROT and stink. If it's a type of cheese, yeah, it will stink and rot. Another answer Cream cheese should not sit out at room temperature for more than 2 hours. Less time is better.
 
ROBINHOOD APP???
Probe Chiral Magnetic Effect with Signed Balance Function
The emotion expressed in this message is anger.
Test UV protection on sunglasses
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
What is Rhodium and Rhodium Plating Jewelry Jewelry Facts > What is Rhodium and Rhodium Plating Jewelry What is Rhodium? Rhodium is a silvery-white transition metal. It holds the distinction of being the world's most expensive precious metal. It has an atomic number of 45 and is about as nonreactive as gold. The only way to dissolve rhodium is with sulfuric acid. Part of rhodium's appeal comes from its high reflectance, almost unique among the metals. It is sometimes used as an expensive and flashy alternative to silver in jewelry, on which it is sometimes plated. Some of the most expensive consumer items in the world are made from rhodium. Rhodium was discovered in 1803 by William Hyde Wollaston, who isolated it from platinum. He named it after the Latin rhodon, meaning rose. Wallaston was also the discoverer of palladium. Rhodium costs about six times as much as gold by weight. It is never found in mineral form, only being found in trace amounts within platinum or nickel ores. 80% of the world's rhodium comes from South Africa, and world production of the metal is only about 20 tons per year. What is Rhodium Plating? Rhodium is a silver-white hard metal often found in platinum ores. It is the most expensive precious metal. In its natural solid state Rhodium is far too hard to work, but it is used as an alloy in the smelting of platinum and palladium. Rhodium plating is a metal deposition process used to coat materials with a decorative and protective layer of rhodium. Rhodium is a noble metal that imparts an extremely bright and hard wearing finish when applied as plating. When applied as a thin plate, it affords a durable finish of exceptional brightness. Rhodium finishes can greatly enhance the appearance and longevity of any metal to which they are applied. In the 1930’s some silverware makers began to use rhodium electro-plating to produce sterling flatware that would not require frequent polishing. The use of rhodium plating spread to white gold and sterling silver jewelry as a means of creating a highly durable, tarnish resistant surface. The use of rhodium plating on base metal, “pot metal” and stainless steel jewelry findings and settings did not come into wide use until after World War II. Advances in technology eventually allowed even thinner layers of rhodium to be bonded with the surface of metals. While no vintage costume jewelry is “made of rhodium” or “set in rhodium”, costume jewelry of good quality was often rhodium plated. The most frequently used method of applying rhodium finishes is the electroplating process. This involves submerging the recipient material in a heated bath of rhodium-based plating solution and running an electric current through the bath using the recipient as a cathode or negative electrode. This process causes rhodium from the solution to permanently bond to the recipient surface. Rhodium electroplating solutions typically consist of rhodium sulfate, sulfuric acid and water. It is, however, important to be aware that rhodium plating will not last for an eternity. The lifespan will vary and will depend upon a number of factors including the amount of wear the jewellery receives, the original thickness of the plating, individual body chemistry, the quality of the plating and the colour of the underlying gold. The plating on an item that is subjected to a lot of wear or friction, such as a ring, may only last 6-24 months, whereas a necklace, brooch or earrings which comes in less contact with skin or the elements, or is simply worn less, can retain its plating for ten or more years. To ensure rhodium plated jewellery lasts as long as possible, keep it cleans with a mixture of mild liquid shampoo and a little water. Never use any chemical cleaners on rhodium plated items, or ultrasonic cleaners that utilize chemicals. Do not use polishing cloths intended for use on gold or silver jewellery, and ensure pieces are not in regular contact with hard surfaces. Non-abrasive, lint free, streak free, micro-fibre cloths are ideal. Let all makeup and perfume dry before putting on jewellery. Wa
yes it's possible. but you need to understand how the data is stored to represent the image. it would be different for every file type. ie bmp, gif, jpg, tiff, etc. you would need to know which bits represent which pixel and which bits represent the color, etc. what you are trying to do is basically create a photo editing program from scratch. as it does all this interpretation for you.
Colin O'Donoghue Colin O'Donoghue Colin Arthur O'Donoghue (born 26 January 1981) is an Irish actor and musician, best known for portraying Captain Killian "Hook" Jones on the TV show "Once Upon a Time". He appeared in the 2011 horror thriller film "The Rite" (2011) as a sceptical novice priest, Michael Kovak. Colin O'Donoghue is the son of Con and Mary O'Donoghue, was born and raised in Drogheda, County Louth, in a Roman Catholic family. He has an older brother named Allen. He is the cousin of musician Harry O'Donoghue. He attended Dundalk Grammar School, and later The Gaiety School of Acting in
Intel Core i7 Temperatures Intel Core i7 Temperatures Written on February 26, 2009 by Jon Bach Share: There has been quite a bit of talk recently about Intel Core i7 CPUs and what temperature they should be running. The Core i7 CPUs have a TDP of 130W, and run quite hot compared to the Core 2 Quad CPUs we've used in the past. How hot is too hot? A Google search shows that there is massive confusion and misinformation around the web. In the absense of good information, I decided to find out for myself. As an Intel Premier Provider, I talked to an Intel engineer, and am writing to tell you what I found. The first thing to note is that you're going to see a wide variation in temperature from one CPU to the next. It is important to understand how CPUs are made. Intel manufactures a large wafer of semiconductor material, which is then sliced up into pieces to make their CPUs. Due to standard margins of error caused by everything from humidity to gravity, the quality of the material varies over the surface of the wafer. When they build the CPU, they have to test it to see how good the quality is. The impurities and imperfections cause the CPU to run at higher temperatures, so they name the CPU based on its quality. If it tests extremely well, they program it to be a Core i7 965 CPU. If it doesn't test as well, they program it to be a Core i7 920 CPU. This process is called "binning." This doesn't mean that the 920 CPUs are low quality...each CPU is thoroughly tested for the speed at which it will be running. I could even speculate that since we don't see a supply shortage on 965 CPUs, that they have a surplus and are likely using chips that qualify as 965 to make 940 and 920 CPUs at times. The point, however, is that each "bin" has some variation to it. If you have a CPU that just barely made the cut to be called a 940, it will run quite hot as a 940. If it just missed the mark to be a 940, they call it a 920 and it will run very cool as a 920. In practice, we see as much as a 10-20C variation in temperature per CPU when cooled with an Intel stock cooler. That's a big difference! Again, that doesn't mean that the hotter CPUs will not work just fine, but it does mean that it is very difficult to answer the question: what temperatures are normal? When I talked to an engineer at Intel, I asked him for information on what temperatures the Core i7 CPUs will throttle at, and what temperatures are considered normal. I was surprised to hear him say that he didn't know the answer. He said he'd find out. A few days later, I got a call back, and I was even more surprised. He says that information is a trade secret, and Intel is not making it public. What?!? The key to understanding this answer is to understand that to Intel, the only valid cooling solution is the Intel stock heatsink. They do a lot of validation on those heatsinks, to verify that they work properly under all conditions described in the technical specs of the CPU. From their perspective, the only thing the end user needs to know is that the stock heatsink is good. Use it, and don't worry about it. Of course, the problem is that only generic, low quality machines use stock Intel heatsinks. I'm not knocking Intel here -- their stock heatsinks are actually quite good. However, we have found that many people want their system to run more quietly, or they want to overclock their system. Or maybe they just understand that running your CPU at lower temperature leads to the longest life possible, and therefore want the best affordable cooling they can get. The real world is very different from the way Intel thinks of it. I think they need to open their eyes to the fact that there is a huge amount of people running with 3rd party heatsinks, and help minimize their failures by providing the information necessary to ensure that their CPUs are being adequately cooled. Until Intel comes to this realization, Puget Systems will simply resolve to doing the testing ourselves. I'm happy to share this information, and while word straight from Intel is more authoritative than ours...what we 
I actually have been reading a bit about the history of rap (specifically, the history of misogyny and violence in gangsta rap) for a research paper. Not a whole lot of interest to report on, but it does seem awful weird to see citations like "(Snoop Dogg 1996)."
We present two novel methods for face verification. Our first method - “attribute” classifiers - uses binary classifiers trained to recognize the presence or absence of describable aspects of visual appearance (e.g., gender, race, and age). Our second method - “simile” classifiers - removes the manual labeling required for attribute classification and instead learns the similarity of faces, or regions of faces, to specific reference people. Neither method requires costly, often brittle, alignment between image pairs; yet, both methods produce compact visual descriptions, and work on real-world images. Furthermore, both the attribute and simile classifiers improve on the current state-of-the-art for the LFW data set, reducing the error rates compared to the current best by 23.92% and 26.34%, respectively, and 31.68% when combined. For further testing across pose, illumination, and expression, we introduce a new data set - termed PubFig - of real-world images of public figures (celebrities and politicians) acquired from the internet. This data set is both larger (60,000 images) and deeper (300 images per individual) than existing data sets of its kind. Finally, we present an evaluation of human performance.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
It depends on what you mean by 'synthetic', as well as 'produce'. There are definitely processes for converting various forms of carbon into diamond, but I don't think a large-scale process exists for gold. And we can't produce most things with a complicated molecular structure, like spider's silk.
Gonorrhea - Symptoms Gonorrhea - Symptoms Articles On Gonorrhea Topic Overview Cause Symptoms What Happens What Increases Your Risk When To Call a Doctor Exams and Tests Treatment Overview Prevention Home Treatment Medications Other Places To Get Help Related Information References Credits It is fairly common for gonorrhea to cause no symptoms, especially in women. The incubation period, the time from exposure to the bacteria until symptoms develop, is usually 2 to 5 days. But sometimes symptoms may not develop for up to 30 days. Gonorrhea may not cause symptoms until the infection has spread to other areas of the body. Symptoms in women In women, the early symptoms are sometimes so mild that they are mistaken for a bladder infection or vaginal infection. Symptoms may include: Painful or frequent urination. Anal itching, discomfort, bleeding, or discharge. Abnormal vaginal discharge. Abnormal vaginal bleeding during or after sex or between periods. Genital itching. Irregular menstrual bleeding. Lower abdominal (belly) pain. Fever and general tiredness. Swollen and painful glands at the opening of the vagina ( Bartholin glands ). Painful sexual intercourse. Sore throat (rare). Pinkeye ( conjunctivitis) (rare). Continue Reading Belowyou might like WEBMDAssessment: Vitamins and Your Vision Answer a few questions to find out the best ways to protect your eyes. Symptoms in men In men, symptoms are usually obvious enough that they will cause a man to seek medical treatment before complications occur. But some men have mild or no symptoms and can unknowingly transmit gonorrhea infections to their sex partners. Symptoms may include: Abnormal discharge from the penis (clear or milky at first, and then yellow, creamy, and excessive, sometimes blood -tinged). Painful or frequent urination or urethritis. Anal itching, discomfort, bleeding, or discharge. Sore throat (rare). Pinkeye ( conjunctivitis) (rare). Other Symptoms Disseminated gonococcal infection (DGI) occurs when the gonorrhea infection spreads to sites other than the genitals, such as the joints, skin, heart, or blood. Symptoms of DGI include: Rash. Joint pain or arthritis. Inflamed tendons. Web MD Medical Reference from Healthwise This information is not intended to replace the advice of a doctor. Healthwise disclaims any liability for the decisions you make based on this information. © 1995-2015 Healthwise, Incorporated. Healthwise, Healthwise for every health decision, and the Healthwise logo are trademarks of Healthwise, Incorporated. Next In Gonorrhea What Happens 
After 71 Years, a Zero Fighter Flies Again Over Japan
What Are Ovarian Cysts and How Can I Treat Them? Sexual Health Reproductive Health Issues What Are Ovarian Cysts and How Can I Treat Them? By Tracee Cornforth | Reviewed by Meredith Shur, MDUpdated August 13, 2017Share Pin Email Print Article Table of Contents Causes Types Symptoms Diagnosis Common Treatments In Post-Menopausal Women Alternative Treatments Back To Top Universal Images Group/Getty Images Ovarian cysts are fluid-filled sacs, similar to blisters, that are common in women during their reproductive years. They form on the ovaries, the almond-sized organs on each side of the uterus. Most types of ovarian cysts are harmless and go away without any treatment, but there are some that can indicate other health issues, or even lead to problems with fertility. Causes The normal function of the ovaries is to produce an egg each month. During the process of ovulation, a cyst-like structure called a follicle is formed inside the ovary. The mature follicle ruptures when an egg is released during ovulation. A corpus luteum forms from the empty follicle and, if pregnancy does not occur, the corpus luteum dissolves. Sometimes, however, this process does not conclude appropriately, causing the most common type of ovarian cyst: functional ovarian cysts. Abnormal ovarian cysts, such as polycystic ovarian disease, may occur as the result of an imbalance of female hormones (estrogen and progesterone). Types Functional Cysts: These cysts will often shrink and disappear within two or three menstrual cycles. Because this type of cyst is formed during ovulation, it rarely occurs in menopausal women as eggs are no longer being produced. Dermoid Cysts: These cysts are filled with various types of tissues, including hair and skin. Endometrioma Cysts: These cysts are also known as the "chocolate cysts" of endometriosis, and they form when tissue similar to the lining of the uterus attaches to the ovaries. Cystadenoma Cysts: These cysts develop from cells on the outer surface of the ovaries. Polycystic Ovarian Disease: This disease, also commonly known as PCOS, refers to cysts that form from a buildup of follicles. They cause the ovaries to enlarge and create a thick outer covering, which may prevent ovulation from occurring. They are often the cause of fertility problems. Symptoms Ovarian cysts often cause no symptoms; however, when symptoms are present, you may notice a dull ache or a sense of fullness or pressure in the abdomen. Pain during intercourse and at other times can also indicate the presence of ovarian cysts. Pain or pressure can be caused by a number of factors, such as size, bleeding, or the bursting of a cyst, which irritates the abdominal tissues. Pain can also be caused when a cyst is twisted (called torsion), which can block the flow of blood to the cyst. Other possible symptoms of ovarian cysts include delayed, irregular or unusually painful periods. If you experience any of these symptoms, notify your healthcare provider as soon as possible. Diagnosis Unless symptoms are present, ovarian cysts are typically diagnosed during an annual pelvic examination. Other diagnostic tests, such as an ultrasound or a laparoscopy, may be done if your physician detects any abnormalities. Common Treatments Treatment of ovarian cysts depends on several factors, including the size and type of cyst, the woman's age and general health, her future pregnancy plans and her specific symptoms. The earlier ovarian cysts are found, the less invasive the treatment required. Often, young women who are not experiencing symptoms are advised to wait two or three months to see if the cysts dissolve on their own. In most cases, functional ovarian cysts will dissolve without any medical intervention or treatment. Occasionally, oral contraceptives or hormones will be prescribed to shrink functional ovarian cysts. Oral contraceptives are not an effective treatment for other types of benign ovarian cysts, but they do offer some protection against malignant ovarian cysts. Surgery is sometimes necessary to treat ovarian cysts that are unresponsive to hormo
Democracy Wall (City University of Hong Kong) Democracy Wall (City University of Hong Kong) The Democracy Wall () at the City University of Hong Kong is a venue for free speech. It is located on the third floor of Academic One, in a prominent position right next to the university library. The original Democracy Wall, from 1978, was a focal point for democratic discourse in Beijing. It was later removed. The Democracy Wall is a public bulletin board that allows students, alumni and teachers to freely express their personal opinions, exchange their views on school policies, political point of views or academic theories. The school will also
The short answer is that the Swiss Guard are mercenaries. The Vatican has continued to pay to extend the Swiss Guard contract for over 500 years. At this point it's mostly just tradition, however, those guards are well trained.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
What are some strategies for dealing with feedback from multiple people? It can be difficult to sort through feedback on a paper/chapter when you have feedback from multiple collaborators. Sometimes collaborators might have a conflicting point of view, or making all of the improvements suggested by each would make the paper far too large.

What are some strategies on working through this feedback efficiently? Should you fully address each collaborator's comments one by one, attempt to merge all the comments together before editing the manuscript, or take some sort of hybrid approach?
Great Northern Railway (U.S.) The Great Northern Railway (reporting mark GN) was an American Class I railroad. Running from Saint Paul, Minnesota, to Seattle, Washington, it was the creation of 19th century railroad entrepreneur James J. Hill and was developed from the Saint Paul & Pacific Railroad.
Potomac River Potomac River The Potomac River () is located within the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States and flows from the Potomac Highlands into the Chesapeake Bay. The river (main stem and North Branch) is approximately long, with a drainage area of about 14,700 square miles (38,000 km). In terms of area, this makes the Potomac River the fourth largest river along the Atlantic coast of the United States and the 21st largest in the United States. Over 5 million people live within the Potomac watershed. The river forms part of the borders between Maryland and Washington, D.C., on the left
Leonard Hofstadter Leonard Leakey Hofstadter, Ph.D., is a fictional character in the CBS television series The Big Bang Theory, in which he is portrayed by actor Johnny Galecki. Leonard is an experimental physicist, who shares an apartment with colleague and best friend Dr. Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons). For his portrayal, Galecki was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award in 2011.
Anyone else on the east coast experiencing connections problems to both the forums and game? I am unable to access the website and the game launcher just say's its trying to contact the servers. But my friend in las vegas is having no troubles connecting.

Ran a tracert and the results were..

3     9 ms     8 ms     7 ms  gig3-4.rlghncmrf-rtr1.nc.rr.com [66.26.33.70]
  4    15 ms    13 ms    17 ms  66.26.32.112
  5    11 ms    12 ms    13 ms  ge-5-3-0.rlghncpop-rtr1.southeast.rr.com [24.93.
64.0]
  6    21 ms    22 ms    24 ms  ae-3-0.cr0.dca10.tbone.rr.com [66.109.6.80]
  7    33 ms   126 ms    19 ms  ae-2-0.pr0.dca10.tbone.rr.com [66.109.6.169]
  8    34 ms    19 ms    31 ms  216.156.116.9.ptr.us.xo.net [216.156.116.9]
  9    47 ms    26 ms    46 ms  vb2002.rar3.nyc-ny.us.xo.net [207.88.13.74]
 10    36 ms    34 ms    42 ms  ae0d0.mcr1.cambridge-ma.us.xo.net [216.156.0.26]

 11     *        *        *     Request timed out.
 12     *        *        *     Request timed out.
 13     *        *        *     Request timed out.
 14     *        *        *     Request timed out.
 15     *        *        *     Request timed out.
 16     *        *        *     Request timed out.
Better ways to visualise a box of uncertain colour when the possible colours are complementary?
- dilation is a transformation (notation) that produces an image that is the same shape as the original, but is a different size. A dilation stretches or shrinks the original figure. The description of a dilation includes the scale factor (or ratio) and the center of the dilation.The center of dilation is a fixed point in the plane about which all points are expanded or contracted. It is the only invariant point under a dilation. dilation of scalar factor k whose center of dilation is the origin may be written: Dk (x, y) = (kx, ky). If the scale factor, k, is greater than 1, the image is an enlargement (a stretch). If the scale factor is between 0 and 1, the image is a reduction (a shrink).
Heirloom tomato This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (August 2012) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Organic heirloom tomatoes An heirloom tomato (also called heritage tomato in the UK) is an open-pollinated (non-hybrid) heirloom cultivar of tomato. According to tomato experts, heirloom tomatoes can be classified into four categories: family heirlooms, commercial heirlooms, mystery heirlooms, and created heirlooms. They usually have a shorter shelf life and less disease resistance than hybrids bred to resist against specific diseases. They are grown for a variety of reasons, such as for food, historical interest, access to wider varieties, and by people who wish to save seeds from year to year, as well as for their taste. [1]Contents [ hide ]1 Taste2 Cultivars3 Seed collecting4 See also5 References6 External links Taste [ edit]Many heirloom tomatoes are sweeter and lack a genetic mutation that gives tomatoes a uniform red color at the cost of the fruit's taste. [2] Varieties bearing this mutation, which have been favored by industry since the 1940s, feature fruits with lower levels of carotenoids and a decreased ability to make sugar within the fruit. [3]Cultivars [ edit]Main article: List of heirloom tomato cultivars Selection of heirlooms, plus one hybrid, the Early Girl (second largest red)Heirloom tomato cultivars can be found in a wide variety of colors, shapes, flavors and sizes. Some heirloom cultivars can be prone to cracking or lack of disease resistance. As with most garden plants, cultivars can be acclimated over several gardening seasons to thrive in a geographical location through careful selection and seed saving. Some of the most famous examples include San Marzano, Brandywine, Green Zebra, Gardener's Delight, Marglobe, Lollypop, Yellow Pear, Silvery Fir Tree, Hillbilly, Paul Robeson, Cherokee Purple, Mortgage Lifter, Neville Tomatos, Mr. Stripey, Costoluto Genovese, Pruden's Purple, Black Krim, Amish Paste, Aunt Ruby's German Green, Garden Peach, Hawaiian Pineapple, Big Rainbow, Chocolate Cherry, Red Currant, Matt's Wild Cherry, and Three Sisters. Seed collecting [ edit]Heirloom seeds " breed true ," unlike the seeds of hybridized plants. Both sides of the DNA in an heirloom variety come from a common stable cultivar. Heirloom tomato varieties are "open pollinating", and cross-pollination is common without human intervention. Heirloom seeds can be easily collected and usually almost all seeds will continue to show the traits of the original seed because this family of tomatoes almost always self-pollinates. Dramatic cross-pollination may occur in the presence of pollinating insects during flowering. Collecting heirloom seed is as easy as picking ripe tomatoes, chopping or mashing into a jar till less than half-full, filling with water, shaking from time to time and allowing to decompose for 1–6 days until seeds sink to the bottom, then rinsing until the seeds are clean, and drying. This decomposition is beneficial because it discourages transmission of diseases to the seed, the drying promotes better germination, and because the seeds are easier to separate when they are clean. See also [ edit]Heirloom plant List of tomato cultivars References [ edit]^ "Heirloom Tomatoes". Spiritfoods. Archived from the original on 22 February 2013. Retrieved 24 August 2012.^ Scott, Sam (July–August 2013). "The Trouble With Tomatoes". Stanford Magazine. Stanford Alumni Association: 60. Retrieved 30 July 2013.^ Gina Kolata (28 June 2012). "Flavor Is the Price of Tomatoes' Scarlet Hue, Study Finds". New York Times. Retrieved 28 June 2012. External links [ edit]Discussion forums for tomato growers with special emphasis on heirloom varieties Seed Savers Exchange: Seed bank and resource on heirloom varieties BBC article: Return of the Blaby Tomatoes The West Virginia 63 Tomato The case against heirloom tomatoes at Scientific American 
In order for a gas to ignite it needs to combine with (usually) oxygen. There is no oxygen in the can so the flame cannot backup into the can to explode. This is the same reason a gas stove does not send the flame back down the pipes. The gas can only burn once it is in the presence of oxygen and there is none (or nearly none) in the pipes to your house.
Why is there an extra charge on my statement?
A Recipe for Keeping Lettuce Fresh and Crisp Wrap the entire head in a paper towel, place in a plastic bag, and store in the fridge. Pull off leaves or cut off chunks of lettuce as you need them, rewrap remaining lettuce in paper towel and return to plastic bag. Iceberg will keep fresh for a very long time if you store it correctly!
Dicen que soy mujeriego Dicen que Soy un Mujeriego ("They Say I am a Womanizer") is a 1949 Mexican comedy-drama film directed by Roberto Rodríguez. This Mexican film classic was made during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. In this film, Mexican superstar, Pedro Infante co-starred with Golden Age Mexican super star Sara Garcia (“Mexico’s grandmother”) as Dona Rosa, as well as with Silvia Derbez as Flor and child star "La Tucita" María Eugenia Llamas (five years old at the time). In this comedy, Pedro Infante is Sara Garcia’s (“Dona Rosa”) philandering grandson. Dona Rosa is a prominent rancher. She deeply loves Pedro, but is constantly trying to get him to behave – with no success. While Pedro is ever popular with the ladies, he has his eye on Flor (Silvia Derbez), the niece of a neighboring rancher. Flor flirts with him and plays him off against the disreputable saloon owner and town mayor, Pablo (Rodolfo Landa). Pablo tricks orphan Tucita into believing she is Pedro's daughter as a way to ruin Pedro's chances with Flor. Everyone is quick to believe that Pedro is Tucita's father. However, in the end, the plot is revealed and Pedro and Flor marry.
Have you ever seen or experienced a ghost in "India"?
Structural Biochemistry/ATP Adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is a nucleotide that consists of an adenine and a ribose linked to three sequential phosphoryl (-PO32-) groups via a phosphoester bond and two phosphoanhydride bonds. ATP is the most abundant nucleotide in the cell and the primary cellular energy currency in all life forms. The primary biological importance of ATP rests in the large amount of free energy released during its hydrolysis. This provides energy for other cellular work, such as biosynthetic reactions, active transport, and cell movement. ATP is used in cellular metabolism in plants. It involved with light to create energy for plant. Besides, ATP is also one of components of DNA. Contents1 Definition2 Physical and Chemical Properties of ATP3 Binding to Proteins4 Intracellular ATP5 Extracellular ATP6 Exergonic Reaction7 Phosphoryl Potential8 Comsumption of ATP9 Importance of Oxidation of Carbon9.1 Formation of ATP9.2 Coupling with Carbon Fuels9.3 Energy from Food9.4 References Definition [ edit]Chemical structure of ATPATP also known as adenosine 5'-triphosphate. It is formed from adenosine diphosphate (ADP) and orthosphosphate (P i ). When fuel molecules are oxidized in chemotrophs or when light is trapped by phototrophs. This nucleotide is tremendously important since it is the most commonly used energy currency. The energy is released from the cleave of the triphosphate group is used to power many cellular processes. [1]Physical and Chemical Properties of ATP [ edit]ATP is composed of an adenine ring, ribose sugar, and three phosphate groups (triphosphate). The groups of the phosphate group are usually called the alpha (α), beta (β), and gamma (γ) phosphates. It is typically related to a monomer of RNA called adenosine nucleotide. Gamma phosphate group is the primary phosphate group on the ATP molecules that is hydrolyzed when the energy is needed to drive anabolic reactions. Basically gamma phosphate is typically located the farthest from the ribose sugar and has a higher energy of hydrolysis than either that of the alpha and beta phosphate. The bonds that are formed after hydrolysis or the phosphorylation of a residue by ATP are lower in energy than that of the phosphoanhydride bonds of ATP. ATP is very soluble in water and is a quite stable solution that has a p H of 6.8-7.4, but is rapidly hydrolysed at extreme p H. Thus, ATP is best stored as an anhydrous salt. Although, ATP is quite stable in solution, it is an unstable molecule in unbuffered water. This is because, once ATP gets in contact with unbuffered water, it hydrolyses to ADP and phosphate due to the strength of the bonds between the phosphate groups in ATP is commonly seen to be less than the strength of the hydrogen bonds (hydration bonds) between its products (ADP + phosphate) and water. Therefore, if ATP and ADP are in chemical equilibrium in water, almost all the ATP will form into ADP because of the reaction that will occur. Gibbs free energy is when a system is far from equilibrium and it is able to do some kind of work. It is seen that typical living cells maintain the ratio of ATP and ADP at a point ten orders of magnitude from equilibrium. However, this may only occur if ADP is thousand fold lower in concentration than that of ATP. This shows that hydrolysis of ATP in cells usually release a large amount of free energy in reaction. However, even with releasing a large amount of free energy during reaction, any unstable system of potentially reactive molecules could potentially serve as a way of storing free energy. This is only if the cells maintain their concentration far from the equilibrium point of the reaction. However, the idea of both energy-release and entropy-increase always occur during the breakdown of RNA, DNA, and ATP into simpler monomers. In an ATP molecule, two high-energy phosphate bonds called phsophoanhydride bonds are responsible for high energy content of this molecule. Based on biochemical reaction, these anhydride bonds are often referred to as high-energy bonds. Also the released of hydrolysis of the anhyd
Why Multivitamins Might Do More Harm Than Good The Need for Vitamins. When I use the term vitamin here, I’m referring to chemical compounds with the word “vitamin” in front—such as vitamin A, which helps maintain good vision—but also things like calcium, potassium, and beta-carotene that serve similar functions in the body.
Difference Between Active Directory and Domain Difference Between Active Directory and Domain• Categorized under internet | Difference Between Active Directory and Domain Active Directory vs Domain Active Directory is a service that gives you the freedom to store information over a network. The service is Microsoft’s initiative that allows users to access information from a single data source. The entire network’s hierarchical structure is visible to user’s that login to the system. Information stored in an active directory encompasses attached hardware or services available. Other than storing information, Active Directory is used to maintain network processes in large organizations. It is also used to grant permission to specific users thus providing security features through conditional access. Active Directory is complex software. So it’s advisable to spend some time understanding it because if you are caught in some issues, then its tough to recover from it. In Active Directory, a network object refers to the printer, users applications, and security that is related to the network. Each of these objects is uniquely identifiable, and this information is usually stored in the object. This data is also used to determine the purpose of the object in the network. The objects are positioned in the hierarchical structure that is an important characteristic of Active Directory. Domain is a set of computers on a network that are given a common name and database and abide by common policies. It is part of the Active Directory hierarchy. Domain is a central location for administrative work and security policies. Each domain is assigned a separate database account, and an administrator manages all objects under a domain. The security system is responsible for providing access to users with authentic login credentials. Domain is responsible for the working of Active Directory. Multiple domains are set up for avoiding issues if one domain is down. This way the system continues with its normal functioning even when a domain breaks down. Domain can also refer to the set of network addresses on the Internet. In the field of computing, it is a source of program entities or a collection of network addresses.summary1. Domain is at level three of Active Directory’s hierarchical structure.2. Active Directory is a network administration concept that stores information and provides conditional access to it while domain is a collection of computers that work under a common name, database, and policies. Summary:1. Active Directory can be compared to a directory service that is used to storeinformation such as a computer and user.2. A domain is a knowledge base or a place of control.3. Both Active Directory and domain are concepts related to network administration. Facebook Pinterest Twitter Google+ Print Share Search Difference Between.net : Custom Search Help us improve. Rate this post! ( 1 votes, average: 5.00 out of 5)Email This Post : If you like this article or our site. Please spread the word. Share it with your friends/family. Difference Between LDAP and Active Directory Difference Between LDAP and Database Difference Between Workgroup and Domain Difference Between BRS and FRSDifference between DNS and LDAPDifference Between Schema and Database Difference Between Table and View Cite jeyakanth. "Difference Between Active Directory and Domain." Difference Between.net. June 13, 2011 < http://www.differencebetween.net/technology/internet/difference-between-active-directory-and-domain-2/ >. 
- 1 Use a high-quality wax. 2  The best way to style your hair is to use a good quality wax-take a small amount and heat slightly by rubbing your palms together. 3  Then, make sure you get it in all of your hair before styling into position. Leave a section of the hair down at a time, and pin the rest of it on top of your head. 2  The shorter your hair, the bigger sections you can take. 3  If you would like springier curls, leave it for 10-12 seconds. 4  For more wavy or loose curls, leave it for 8 to 10 sections.
What is two-step verification? Turbo Tax Answer Xchange Home Turbo Tax FAQLast modified 5 months ago1641 people found this useful What is two-step verification? Two-step verification (a.k.a. two-factor authentication, multi-factor authentication, or MFA) is a financial industry standard in which a user is required to provide additional verification after signing in. Often a verification code is provided to the user via text message or automated phone call. Any time you sign in to an existing Turbo Tax account on an unrecognized computer or device, we'll ask you to verify your identity first. For an additional layer of security, you can enable the verification feature each time you sign in with our two-step verification feature or the Google Authenticator app. We call this opt-in two-step verification. If you later opt out (deactivate) this feature, we'll still ask you to verify the first time you sign in on an unrecognized device. Related Information: How do I enable or disable the two-step verification feature in Turbo Tax? How do I use Google Authenticator with the Turbo Tax two-step verification feature? What if I lose my phone after verifying my identity?turbotax faq, turbotax classic Was this helpful? Yes No 
Why Was Alcatraz Closed? After 29 years of operations, in the 21st day of March 1963, Alcatraz Prison was forced to close because according to the decision of the national government that it was becoming too expensive for the government to pursue the operations. The danger to the environment that the prison imposes also became a concern.
> I've seen in textbooks that the nucleus of an atom looks like several sphere compacted into a bigger sphere, or whatever. That's not really a rigorous depiction, but yes, we understand a lot about the structure of nuclei.  > My thoughts are that this would have minute effects on how the nucleus affects the atom as a whole from atom to atom of the same element. Is this real? Yes. The size and shape of the nucleus affect atomic energy levels in their fine and hyperfine spectra. So they're small effects, but measurable, and they can be used to measure properties of the nucleus itself.  > Do two atoms of the same element with different proton and neutron arrangements have miniscule differences in behavior? Yes. There's *isotope shift*, which refers to small shifts in the atomic spectra of different isotopes of the same element. This comes from a combination of the different nuclear masses, and from the different nuclear charge distributions.
Not really, no. The only way the Germans could have scored a victory was to have Russia negotiate for peace after taking Moscow, which the Soviet regime had little intention of doing as it was a fight for the very survival of the Russian nation and Stalin did not want to appear so weak abroad. There was still a massive heavily populated country after Moscow, and the Germans would have had to move further and further East and taken cities like Omsk, Yekaterinburg, Ulfa, Kazan, Novosibirsk, and so on. Given that their supply lines were already at the breaking point before they reached Moscow, this was not an achievable objective, especially with American involvement in the war right around the corner. The entire thing was a fools errand.
Hematocrit Test Hematocrit Test Uses Procedure Normal results Low hematocrit levels High hematocrit levels Risks What is hematocrit? Hematocrit is the percentage of red blood cells in the total blood volume. Red blood cells are vital to your health. Imagine them as the subway system of your blood. They transport oxygen and nutrients to various locations in your body. For you to stay healthy, your body needs to have the correct proportion of red blood cells. Your doctor may order a hematocrit, or Hct, test if they think you have too few or too many red blood cells. Uses Why would you get a hematocrit test? A hematocrit test can help your doctor diagnose you with a particular condition, or it can help them determine how well your body is responding to a certain treatment. The test can be ordered for a variety of reasons, but it’s most often used to test for:anemialeukemiadehydrationdietary deficiencies If your doctor orders a complete blood count (CBC) test, the hematocrit test is included. Other tests in a CBC are a hemoglobin and reticulocyte count. Your doctor will look at your overall blood test results to gain an understanding of your red blood cell count. Learn more: CBC (complete blood count) »Procedure How is the hematocrit test performed? First you will receive a blood test. Afterward, it will be sent to a laboratory for evaluation. Blood sample A medical provider will need a small sample of blood to test your hematocrit. This blood can be drawn from a finger prick or taken from a vein in your arm. If the hematocrit test is part of a CBC, a lab technician will draw blood from a vein, typically from the inside of your elbow or from the back of your hand. The technician will clean the surface of your skin with an antiseptic and place an elastic band, or tourniquet, around your upper arm to help the vein swell with blood. They’ll then insert a needle in the vein and collect a blood sample in one or more vials. The technician will remove the elastic band and cover the area with a bandage to stop the bleeding. A blood test can be slightly uncomfortable. When the needle punctures your skin, you might feel a prick or pinching sensation. Some people also feel faint or lightheaded when they see blood. You may experience minor bruising, but this will clear up within a few days. The test will take only a few minutes, and you can resume everyday activities after it’s finished. Your sample will be sent to a lab for analysis. Evaluation In the laboratory, your hematocrit is evaluated using a centrifuge, which is a machine that spins at a high rate to cause the contents of your blood to separate. A lab specialist will add a special anticoagulant to keep your blood from clotting. When the test tube is taken out of the centrifuge, it will have settled into three parts:red blood cellsanticoagulantplasma, or the fluid in your blood Each component will settle in a different part of the tube, with the red blood cells moving to the bottom of the tube. The red blood cells are then compared to a guide that tells what proportion of your blood they make up. Normal results What is a normal hematocrit level? While the laboratory that tests the blood sample may have its own ranges, generally accepted ranges for hematocrit depend on your gender and age. Typical ranges are as follows:adult men: 38.8 to 50 percentadult women: 34.9 to 44.5 percent Children ages 15 and under have a separate set of ranges, as their hematocrit levels change rapidly with age. The specific lab that analyzes the results will determine the normal hematocrit range for a child of a certain age. If your hematocrit levels are too low or too high, it can indicate various problems. Low hematocrit levels What if my hematocrit levels are too low? Low hematocrit levels may be a sign of:bone marrow diseaseschronic inflammatory diseasedeficiencies in nutrients such as iron, folate, or vitamin B-12internal bleedinghemolytic anemiakidney failureleukemialymphomasickle cell anemia High hematocrit levels What if my hematocrit levels are too high? High hematocrit levels can indicate:con
foot immersion foot a condition resembling trench foot occurring in persons who have spent long periods in water. Madura foot mycetoma of the foot. march foot painful swelling of the foot, usually with fracture of a metatarsal bone, after excessive foot strain.
Advocacy journalism From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Journalism News Writing style Ethics Objectivity News values Attribution Defamation Editorial independence Journalism school Index of journalism articles Areas Arts Business Data Entertainment Environment Fashion Medicine Politics Science Sports Technology Trade Traffic Weather World Genres Advocacy Analytic Blogging Broadcast Citizen Civic Collaborative Comics-based Community Data Database Gonzo Immersion Interpretive Investigative Literary Muckraking Narrative" New Journalism " Non-profit Online Opinion Peace Photojournalism Scientific Sensor Underground Visual Watchdog Social impact Fake news Fourth Estate Fifth Estate Freedom of the press Infotainment Media bias Public relations Press service Propaganda model Yellow journalism News media Newspapers Magazines TV and radio Internet News agencies Alternative media Roles Journalists (reporters) Columnist Blogger Editor Copy editor Meteorologist News presenter Photographer Pundit / commentator Journalism portal Category: Journalismv t e Advocacy journalism is a genre of journalism that intentionally and transparently adopts a non-objective viewpoint, usually for some social or political purpose. Because it is intended to be factual, it is distinguished from propaganda. It is also distinct from instances of media bias and failures of objectivity in media outlets, since the bias is intended. Some advocacy journalists reject that the traditional ideal of objectivity is possible in practice, either generally, or due to the presence of corporate sponsors in advertising. Some feel that the public interest is better served by a diversity of media outlets with a variety of transparent points of view, or that advocacy journalism serves a similar role to muckrakers or whistleblowers. Contents [ hide ]1 Perspectives from advocacy journalists2 History2.1 American context3 Objectivity4 See also4.1 History4.2 Criticism of advocacy journalism5 References Perspectives from advocacy journalists [ edit]One writer for the " alternative " journalism collaborative, the Independent Media Center, writes the following in a call to action: Classic tenets of journalism call for objectivity and neutrality. These are antiquated principles no longer universally observed.... We must absolutely not feel bound by them. If we are ever to create meaningful change, advocacy journalism will be the single most crucial element to enable the necessary organizing. It is therefore very important that we learn how to be successful advocacy journalists. For many, this will require a different way of identifying and pursuing goals. [1]In an April 2000 address to the Canadian Association of Journalists, Sue Careless gave the following commentary and advice to advocacy journalists, which seeks to establish a common view of what journalistic standards the genre should follow. [2]Acknowledge your perspective up front. Be truthful, accurate, and credible. Don't spread propaganda, don't take quotes or facts out of context, "don't fabricate or falsify", and "don't judge or suppress vital facts or present half-truths"Don't give your opponents equal time, but don't ignore them, either. Explore arguments that challenge your perspective, and report embarrassing facts that support the opposition. Ask critical questions of people who agree with you. Avoid slogans, ranting, and polemics. Instead, "articulate complex issues clearly and carefully. "Be fair and thorough. Make use of neutral sources to establish facts. Sue Careless also criticized the mainstream media for unbalanced and politically biased coverage, for economic conflicts of interest, and for neglecting certain public causes. She said that alternative publications have advantages in independence, focus, and access, which make them more effective public-interest advocates than the mainstream media. History [ edit]This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (June 2008)An image of The Crisis publication, an example of alternative and advocacy media American context [ edit]Nineteen
Huntington Mall Huntington Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in the village of Barboursville in Cabell County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. The largest mall in West Virginia, it opened in 1981 and features more than 150 retailers. Anchor stores include JCPenney, Macy's, Sears, and Dick's Sporting Goods, with one anchor space currently being renovated for HomeGoods and TJ Maxx. Other major tenants including Books-A-Million, and Old Navy. The mall is owned by Cafaro Company of Youngstown, Ohio.
White Boy Rick States on September 14, 2018, by Sony Pictures Releasing. It received mixed reviews from critics and has grossed over $24 million. "Set in 1980s Detroit at the height of the crack epidemic and the War on Drugs, WHITE BOY RICK is based on the moving true story of a blue-collar father and his teenage son, Rick Wershe Jr., who became an undercover police informant and later a drug dealer, before he was abandoned by his handlers and sentenced to life in prison." In February 2015, Studio 8 acquired a spec script by Logan Miller and Noah Miller, titled "White Boy
How does Websockets operate?
Proxmark developers community This number is usually printed on the backside of the keyfob or card. The range of this number is dictated by the format being used (e.g. 16 bits for a 26-bit card format). 4. The facility code. This number is not printed on the tag but can be obtained from decoding the wiegand data stream from the card reader. The range of this number is dictated by the format being used (e.g. 8 bits for a 26-bit card format).
How Long Does it Take for HIV Symptoms to Start? Early Symptoms. 1  The earliest symptoms of an HIV infection typically occur between two to four weeks after the initial infection. 2  The Mayo Clinic says that after the initial symptoms of HIV, many patients experience a long period (up to 10 years) during which they display no other symptoms of infection. This is because it takes the virus a long time to infect enough immune cells to cause further complications.
2015 Toronto International Film Festival The 40th annual Toronto International Film Festival was held from 10 to 20 September 2015. On 28 July 2015 the first wave of films to be screened at the Festival was announced. Jean-Marc Vallée's "Demolition" starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Naomi Watts was the opening night film; "Mr. Right" by Paco Cabezas was the closing night film.
What is a certification of trustee? Can there be one even though the trustor is alive and still the trustee of their estate? Q&AAsked in Palos Verdes Estates, CA | May 19, 2010 Save What is a certification of trustee? Can there be one even though the trustor is alive and still the trustee of their estate? When presenting a certificate of trust, if the surviving trust grantor/settlor/trustee names a co-trustee, would that require sending notice to beneficiaries of the estate even if they don't use the co trustee? Can a certification of trustee be done, in case it's necessary for the successor trustee... More Estates Elder law Trusts Show 3 more Ask a lawyer - it's free! Browse related questions3 attorney answers David A Barra1 review Litigation Lawyer Private message Posted on May 19, 2010I'm not sure what your first question is asking. A certification of trust is a document that certifies the establishment of a trust and provides information such as the name of the trust, the initial trustees and the date of formation. State laws vary as to the ability of a surviving settlor/trustee to name a co-trustee... More0 found this answer helpful Mark as helpful 0 comments Gary Shigeo Mikuni Not yet reviewed Estate Planning Attorney | La Canada Flintridge, CAReveal number Private message Posted on May 19, 2010California has a specific Probate Code section regarding trust certification that says what information is to be supplied in the certification of trustee. Further, the certification of trust form is a self-certification; that is, the certification is made by the trustee (or trustees) itself as a declaration under penalty of perjury. The statutory certification of trust is meant primarily for financial intuitions (not trust beneficiaries) handling trust... More0 found this answer helpful Mark as helpful 0 comments Douglas Charles Michie15 reviews Trusts Attorney | Ventura, CAReveal number Private message Posted on May 24, 2010"The certification of trustee is a 1 page document that the settlor signs, usually for banks or accounts where investments are, to get the accounts in the name of the trust. The beneficiaries of the certificate of trust do not need to know of this. If you would like some help with this, give me a call... More0 found this answer helpful Mark as helpful 0 comments More questions like this What is the definition of a sole trustor vs. co-trustor or successor trustee? And what is the certificate of trust? Soledad, CA | 3 attorney answers Does an ALTERNATE trustee of a living trust have the right to a copy of this document while the trustor is still alive? Garden Grove, CA | 4 attorney answers Can a Trustee sell a property while the Trustor is alive, and buy two properties in the Trustor's name to be occupied by heirs? Los Angeles, CA | 2 attorney answers Can the surviving Trustor amend their Trust to change the Successor Trustee? Anaheim, CA | 3 attorney answers Can a surviving Trustor change who will act as the Successor Trustee? Anaheim, CA | 2 attorney answers See all advice on Wills and estates 
What is a 'Ring Fence' DEFINITION of 'Ring Fence'. A protection-based transfer of assets from one destination to another, usually through the use of offshore accounting. A ring fence is meant to protect the assets from inclusion in an investor's calculable net worth or to lower tax consequences.Moves to ring fence an asset are often called ring fence trades.Next Up. ring fence is meant to protect the assets from inclusion in an investor's calculable net worth or to lower tax consequences.
- The following states paid the highest average annual salaries for correctional officers in 2011: 1  New Jersey – $69,310. 2  California – $66,930. 3  New York – $61,140.  Massachusetts – $ 1 60,700. Rhode Island – $58,690.
There are things that we know about the world of Westeros that make it very difficult for there to be a scientific explanation for the variable seasons. We know that there is a fixed star in the sky, which means that the planet is fixed on it's axis. We also know that the days are shorter during the winter. Which would make it similar to how the Earth works with the main continent being tilted away from the Sun during the winter These two things make coming up with any sort of non-speculative science explanation really difficult. George R. R. Martin, the author of the series, has stated that there will be a *magical* explanation for the odd seasons. So it could easily be impossible for it to work with any sort of real-world physics.
. What's This? Pandanus! February 2012Pandanus, also known as "screw pine" is seen everywhere in the Marshall Islands, second only to coconut trees. It grows in the tropical coastal regions mostly in the Pacific. In South East Asian countries like Thailand and the Philippines, locals use Pandanus leaves for cooking. Their leaves have an herbal/floral like aroma and they are used to wrap rice, meat or fish to cook them. They also make a juice extract (pandan paste) from the leaves to use for cooking. Pandanus root Here in the Marshall Islands, people mostly consume the fruit of the Pandanus consisting of segments called cones or keys. Each fruit may have over a hundred of these keys, and Marshalles simply suck the inner part of the key (yellow part) to enjoy a dash of sweet juice. The juice tastes like a mixture of sugar cane and mango (to me) and the texture is like thick nectar. Pandanus Keys I purchased a whole pandanus fruit (which weighed about 30 pounds!) from a street vendor for $4.50. The lady at the stand who helped me carry the pandanus to my car told me to use a hammer to remove the first one or two keys and then it would be easy to remove the others. After removing the keys, I washed them very well and cut off the outer part of the keys (green). After a few tries, I found that it is impossible to cut off near the green part. You need to cut where the dark yellow blends into the light yellow part which is much softer. I also recommend to use a serrated knife. At this point, you can just put it in your mouth to chew and suck the juice out of it just like locals do. But my goal was to extract a whole bunch of juice to develop some new pandanus recipes. After I tried several tools like a grinder and a motor and pestle, I decided to use a food processor to do job. I cut the yellow part of the keys into small pieces and processed them until well grinded. And then I put them into a cheese cloth to extract the juice. I was told that I can extract the juice from the raw or cooked (boiled or baked) keys. I tried the cooked ones (I baked in the oven until they were soft) but the juice became too thick and slimy. I recommend to use the raw keys for this method. After extracting juice from about 40 keys, I managed to get about 3 cups of pandanus juice. I have about 70 more keys left!Pandanus Recipes Pandanus and Coconut Milk Gelato Pandanus Lassi©2008 - 2016 cuisinivity.com all rights reserved 
Bar Business 2012 Bar Business 2012Download article as PDFLearn about trends in the Bar Business & Nightclub Business and where to find more info about how to open a bar business or nightclub business. Don’t forget you can receive free or low-cost training and free professional business advice, from your local Small Business Development Center!Get a free Bar Business & Nightclub Business business plan template on our Business Plans page. Bar Business & Nightclub Business Overview & Trends, 2012SIC Code: 5813, NAICS Code: 722410This Bar Business & Nightclub Business market research excerpt is from First Research which also sells a full version of this report. The US bar and nightclub industry includes about 45,000 establishments (single-location companies and branches of multi-location companies) with combined annual revenue of about $20 billion. No major companies dominate; varying state liquor laws complicate the ability to form large chains. The industry is highly fragmented: the 50 largest companies account for about 5 percent of revenue. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPEPersonal income and entertainment needs drive demand. The profitability of individual companies depends on the ability to drive traffic and develop a loyal clientèle. Large companies can offer a wide variety of food, drinks, and entertainment, and have scale advantages in purchasing, financing, and marketing. Smaaall companies can compete effectively by serving a local market, offering unique products or entertainment, or providing superior customer service. The industry is labor-intensive: average annual revenue per worker is about $60,000. Bars and nightclubs compete with other venues that offer alcoholic drinks or entertainment, including restaurants, hotels, and casinos. Drinking establishments also compete with the home consumption of alcohol. PRODUCTS, OPERATIONS & TECHNOLOGYMajor sources of revenue include beer (about 35 percent of sales), distilled spirits or hard liquor (30 percent), food and non-alcoholic beverages (20 percent), and wine (7 percent). Companies may specialize in certain beverages, like craft beers or martinis. While most customers go to bars and nightclubs to socialize, bar activities tend to focus more on drinking, while nightclubs focus on entertainment and dancing…According to the IBISWorld Bar Business & Nightclub Business Industry Report: 1Bar business & nightclub business revenues grew 3.5% in 2011 and is projected to increase 3.2% to $22.7 billion in 2012. This is a promising development since bar business revenue growth has been relatively flat since 2007: despite the projected 3.2% increase in 2012, the 5 year average annual revenue growth will likely be slightly negative (-0.7%) through 2012. Part of this trend owes to the large decline in bar and nightclub revenues in 2009, when industry revenue fell 9.3% due to a significant contraction in consumer spending and adjustments in alcohol consumption patterns. In 2010, the bar business and nightclub business industry began to recover with revenue growth of 1.1% over the year. Bar business and nightclub business revenues are considered luxury spending by many consumers. The Great Recession and accompanying higher unemployment rates brought lower consumer spending (down 1.9% in 2009), leading many consumers to reduce luxury spending, including trips to bars and nightclubs. A rebound in consumer spending (+2.0% in 2010, +2.3% in 2011) has brought many consumers back to the bars and nightclubs. Consumer spending is forecast to grow 2.0% in 2012, which should continue to help improve bar business and nightclub business revenues. The societal shift away from alcohol toward healthier lifestyles is contributing to a decline in the amount of household spending devoted to trips to bars and nightclubs. Over the five years to 2012, alcohol consumption should grow modestly by about 0.08% per year. IBISWorld notes an emerging trend: the increase in the number of consumers choosing packaged beverages for home consumption rather than at bars or nightclubs. This trend is expected to have lasting i
Create an alarm.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
It isn't sustainable. The rapid inflation of US housing prices and subsequent collapse of the housing market left a lot of over-valued foreclosures on bank books and played a major role in the 2008/9 financial crisis.
Foods Safe to Eat with Stomach Ulcers Related Articles Foods That Increase Mucus in the Body What Foods to Eat on a Wheat-Free Diet Foods High in Salicylic Acid Foods to Avoid on an Acid Reflux Diet List of Foods High in Oxalates Anti-Inflammation Diet Stomach ulcers are sores that form in the lining of your stomach due to erosion of the protective mucus layer. Bacteria called Helicobacter pylori or long-term use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, such as ibuprofen and naproxen, can cause this erosion and expose the lining of your stomach to harmful digestive juices. Although foods do not cause ulcers, certain foods can increase acid production and further irritate your ulcer. Consuming foods that are more ulcer-friendly instead may reduce pain and help your ulcer heal. Beverages Caffeine-free beverages and low-acid juices including apple, grape and pear, are generally safe if you have a stomach ulcer. Drink mild herbal teas and plenty of water. Avoid all caffeinated beverages, including coffee, tea and cocoa, and do not drink alcohol. In addition, avoid all citrus and vegetable juices, which are high in acid. Proteins and Dairy Eat lean meats, including fish, poultry and seafood, and soy products such as tofu. Avoid high-fat meats such as sausage, salami, bacon and ham, as these foods may increase stomach acids, which can cause pain. When it comes to dairy, choose low-fat or fat-free products, and avoid full-fat varieties. Limit milk to 2 or 3 cups per day, and do not consume large quantities, which may increase stomach acid secretion. Breads and Starches Well-tolerated foods include pasta, rice, dry cereal, cooked cereal, bread, crackers and potatoes. Consume dried beans and peas with care, as they can cause you to experience increased gas. Eat gassy foods in small quantities until you know how they affect you. Avoid fried foods, greasy foods such as potato chips and spicy bagels or breads. Fruits and Vegetables If you have ulcers, eat fruits that are low in acid, such as apples, peaches, pears, grapes, kiwifruit, bananas, berries and melons. Avoid all citrus, as high-acid oranges, grapefruit, tangerines, lemons and limes may increase stomach acids. Consume vegetables that do not cause you pain, discomfort or excess gas. Broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower and brussels sprouts are gassy vegetables to avoid. Also avoid onions, garlic and spicy vegetables such as chili peppers. Tomatoes and tomato-based products are high in acid and may cause pain. Miscellaneous Foods Use healthy oils such as olive and canola oil, and avoid butter, lard, margarine and products containing hydrogenated oils and trans fats. Limit your use of spicy condiments such as black pepper, chili powder and red pepper, which often cause heartburn.email Tweet References (6)Resources (1)DON'T MISSFoods That Increase Mucus in the Body What Foods to Eat on a Wheat-Free Diet Foods High in Salicylic Acid Photo Credits: Fish on the stall image by Valery Shanin from Fotolia.com This article reflects the views of the writer and does not necessarily reflect the views of Jillian Michaels or Jillian Michaels.com. Get Fit » Diet & Nutrition » Foods Safe to Eat with Stomach Ulcers 
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them  (film) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the film. For the book, see Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Theatrical release poster Directed by David Yates Produced by David Heyman J. K. Rowling Steve Kloves Lionel Wigram Written by J. K. Rowling Based on Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by J. K. Rowling Starring Eddie Redmayne Katherine Waterston Dan Fogler Alison Sudol Ezra Miller Samantha Morton Jon Voight Carmen Ejogo Colin Farrell Music by James Newton Howard Cinematography Philippe Rousselot Edited by Mark Day Production company Heyday Films Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures Release date10 November 2016 ( Alice Tully Hall)18 November 2016 (United Kingdom & United States)Running time 133 minutes [1]Country United Kingdom United States [2] [3]Language English Budget $180 million [4]Box office $814 million [5]Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a 2016 fantasy film directed by David Yates. A joint British and American production, it is a spinoff and prequel to the Harry Potter film series, and it was produced and written by J. K. Rowling in her screenwriting debut, and inspired by her 2001 book of the same name. The film stars Eddie Redmayne as Newt Scamander, with Katherine Waterston, Dan Fogler, Alison Sudol, Ezra Miller, Samantha Morton, Jon Voight, Carmen Ejogo, and Colin Farrell in supporting roles. It is the first installment in the Fantastic Beasts film series, and ninth overall in the Wizarding World franchise, that began with the Harry Potter films. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiered in New York City on 10 November 2016 and was released worldwide on 18 November 2016 in 3D, IMAX 4K Laser and other large format cinemas. It received positive reviews from critics and audiences; and it grossed $814 million worldwide, making it the eighth-highest-grossing film of 2016. The film was nominated for five BAFTAs, including Best British Film, winning Best Production Design, as well as two Academy Awards, winning Best Costume Design, becoming the first Wizarding World film to win an Academy Award. [6] A sequel, titled Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, is scheduled for release on 16 November 2018. [7]Contents [ hide ]1 Plot2 Cast3 Production3.1 Development3.2 Filming3.3 Music4 Release4.1 Marketing4.1.1 Publicity4.1.2 Tie-in literature and merchandise4.2 Home media5 Reception5.1 Box office5.1.1 United Kingdom and Ireland5.1.2 United States and Canada5.1.3 Other markets5.2 Critical response5.3 Accolades6 Sequels7 References8 Literature9 External links Plot [ edit]In 1926, British wizard and "magizoologist" Newt Scamander arrives by ship to New York en route to Arizona. He encounters Mary Lou Barebone, a No-Maj woman who heads the New Salem Philanthropic Society. As Newt listens to her speech about how witches and wizards are real and dangerous, a Niffler escapes from Newt's magically expanded suitcase, which houses various magical creatures. As Newt attempts to capture the Niffler, he meets No-Maj cannery worker and aspiring baker Jacob Kowalski, and they unwittingly swap suitcases. Demoted Auror Tina Goldstein arrests Newt for the chaos caused by the Niffler and takes him to the Magical Congress of the United States of America (MACUSA) headquarters, hoping to regain her former position. However, as Jacob's suitcase contains only baked goods, Newt is released. At Jacob's tenement apartment, several creatures escape from Newt's suitcase. After Tina and Newt find Jacob and the suitcase, Tina takes them to her apartment and introduces them to Queenie, her Legilimens sister. Jacob and Queenie are mutually attracted, though American wizards are forbidden to marry or even meet No-Majs. Newt takes Jacob inside his magically expanded suitcase, where Jacob encounters a contained Obscurus, a parasite that develops inside magically gifted children if they suppress their magical abilities. Newt extracted it from a young girl who died, those afflicted rarely living past 
The Effects of Oxycodone Use Oxycodone is a prescription opiate analgesic—or painkiller—that works by changing the way that the brain responds to pain. It is prescribed to treat moderate to severe pain, and commonly supplied under the brand names OxyContin and Percocet.
Militarization was another aspect of the Soviet state. Large parts of the country, especially the coastal areas, were closed to all but the Soviet military. Most of the sea shore and all sea islands (including Saaremaa and Hiiumaa) were declared "border zones". People not actually residing there were restricted from travelling to them without a permit. A notable closed military installation was the city of Paldiski, which was entirely closed to all public access. The city had a support base for the Soviet Baltic Fleet's submarines and several large military bases, including a nuclear submarine training centre complete with a full-scale model of a nuclear submarine with working nuclear reactors. The Paldiski reactors building passed into Estonian control in 1994 after the last Russian troops left the country. Immigration was another effect of Soviet occupation. Hundreds of thousands of migrants were relocated to Estonia from other parts of the Soviet Union to assist industrialisation and militarisation, contributing an increase of about half a million people within 45 years.
Fairfax, Missouri Fairfax, Missouri From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Fairfax, Missouri City Location of Fairfax, Missouri Coordinates: 40°20′22″N 95°23′31″WCoordinates: 40°20′22″N 95°23′31″WCountry United States State Missouri County Atchison Township Clark Area [1]• Total 0.48 sq mi (1.24 km 2)• Land 0.47 sq mi (1.22 km 2)• Water 0.01 sq mi (0.03 km 2)Elevation 909 ft (277 m)Population ( 2010) [2]• Total 638• Estimate (2016) [3] 591• Density 1,300/sq mi (510/km 2)Time zone Central (CST) ( UTC-6)• Summer ( DST) CDT ( UTC-5)ZIP code 64446Area code (s) 660FIPS code 29-23266 [4]GNIS feature ID 0717732 [5]Fairfax is a city in Clark Township, Atchison County, Missouri, United States. The population was 638 at the 2010 census. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Geography3 Demographics3.1 2010 census3.2 2000 census4 Education4.1 Public library5 References6 External links History [ edit]Fairfax was laid out in 1881. [6] A post office has been in operation at Fairfax since 1881. [7]Geography [ edit]Fairfax is located at 40°20′22″N 95°23′31″W (40.339530, -95.391961). [8]According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 0.48 square miles (1.24 km 2 ), of which 0.47 square miles (1.22 km 2) is land and 0.01 square miles (0.03 km 2) is water. [1]Demographics [ edit]Historical population Census Pop. %±1890 329 —1900 666 102.4%1910 666 0.0%1920 704 5.7%1930 852 21.0%1940 813 −4.6%1950 806 −0.9%1960 736 −8.7%1970 835 13.5%1980 835 0.0%1990 699 −16.3%2000 645 −7.7%2010 638 −1.1%Est. 2016 591 [3] −7.4%U. S. Decennial Census [9]2010 census [ edit]As of the census [2] of 2010, there were 638 people, 285 households, and 186 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,357.4 inhabitants per square mile (524.1/km 2 ). There were 343 housing units at an average density of 729.8 per square mile (281.8/km 2 ). The racial makeup of the city was 98.4% White, 0.6% African American, 0.3% Asian, and 0.6% from two or more races. There were 285 households of which 26.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.7% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 19% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.24 and the average family size was 2.72. The median age in the city was 46.8 years. 20.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 7.5% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 19.2% were from 25 to 44; 32.6% were from 45 to 64; and 20.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.8% male and 52.2% female.2000 census [ edit]As of the census [4] of 2000, there were 645 people, 301 households, and 180 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,345.3 people per square mile (518.8/km²). There were 342 housing units at an average density of 713.3 per square mile (275.1/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 98.91% White, 0.31% African American, 0.16% Native American, and 0.62% from two or more races. There were 301 households out of which 25.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 5.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 39.9% were non-families. 37.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 24.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.14 and the average family size was 2.83. In the city the population was spread out with 22.0% under the age of 18, 5.0% from 18 to 24, 25.1% from 25 to 44, 23.4% from 45 to 64, and 24.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 44 years. For every 100 females there were 82.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.3 males. The median income for a household in the city was $30,156, and the median income for a family was $37,841. Males had a median income of $28,750 versus $16,667 for females. The per capita income for the city was 
Conditions The following is a list of many conditions with documented benefit from hyperbaric oxygen therapy but not approved by the FDA and therefore referred to as “off-label”. This means that your insurance will not cover the cost and you will have to pay out of pocket for treatment.
Disk caching
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Geiger counter in 1947 by Sidney H. Liebson. It superseded the earlier Geiger-Müller tube because of its much longer life and lower operating voltage, typically 400-900 volts. Geiger counter A Geiger counter is an instrument used for detecting and measuring ionizing radiation. Also known as a Geiger-Mueller counter (or Geiger-Müller counter), it is widely used in applications such as radiation dosimetry, radiological protection, experimental physics, and the nuclear industry. It detects ionizing radiation such as alpha particles, beta particles, and gamma rays using the ionization effect produced in a Geiger–Müller tube, which gives its name to the instrument. In wide and prominent
Listed buildings in Millom Without Millom Without is a civil parish in the Borough of Copeland, Cumbria, England. It contains ten listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish is to the north of the town of Millom in the valley of the River Duddon. It is now almost completely rural, but in the past has been the site of industry, including iron smelting fired by charcoal. There are remains of this industry in form of the ruins of a blast furnace and barns for storing charcoal, both of which are listed. The parish also contains a disused cornmill and sawmill. The other listed buildings are houses and associated structures, two bridges, a former limekiln, and a church.
Giving Ciprofloxacin to Children and Treatment Tips For the IV solution, the usual dose of ciprofloxacin is 6 mg to 10 mg per kg of body weight (about 2.7 mg to 4.5 mg per pound) every eight hours. The maximum oral dose in children is 750 mg per dose, and the maximum IV dose is 400 mg per dose. Treatment usually continues for 10 to 21 days.The usual dose of ciprofloxacin for treating anthrax exposure in children is 15 mg per kg of body weight (about 6.8 mg per pound) every 12 hours for oral ciprofloxacin and 10 mg per kg (about 4.5 mg per pound) every 12 hours for the IV solution.he maximum oral dose is 500 mg per dose, and the maximum IV dose is 400 mg per dose. The length of treatment is 60 days. Dosing of ciprofloxacin ear and eye products will be similar for adults and children.
Breathing (memorial sculpture) Breathing is a memorial sculpture situated on the roof of the Peel Wing of BBC Broadcasting House, in London. The sculpture commemorates journalists and associated staff who have been killed whilst carrying out their work. It consists of a 10-metre (32 ft) high glass and steel column, with a torch-like, inverted spire shape, decorated with words. It also features a poem by James Fenton. At night the sculpture gently glows, then at 10pm every evening (coinciding with the broadcast of the BBC ten o'clock news) the memorial shines a beam of light into the sky for 30 minutes, which reaches up to 900m.
Find out when the memory card was removed A very strange thing happened today. My roommate was complaining that his memory card went missing this afternoon. And now I found that my memory card is also missing. I don't know what to say. 

It can't be someone staling it. If so he/she could have taken the phone itself or the two laptops in my room. Now I want to know when the memory card was ejected.

How do I find that? It should be logged somewhere in the system logs(dmesg), right?
Stress and fear increase the firing of noradrenergic neurons to the hippocampus, which causes memories to be encoded more robustly. This has been studied well in rats, as far as I know. I don't know if it has been conclusively demonstrated in humans though.  EDIT: It makes sense from the standpoint of natural selection: an organism that remembers stressful, threatening situations vividly will be more likely to respond appropriately the next time they occur.
_URL_0_ Reflection can polarize light, and it's possible for different wavelengths to be reflected with differing efficiencies, but photosynthesis uses visible wavelengths, so a normal mirror should be fine, and I don't think the polarization shouldn't matter either.  Is this for flowers, bushes or grass?
From 1932, it was taught that the "little flock" of 144,000 would not be the only people to survive Armageddon. Rutherford explained that in addition to the 144,000 "anointed" who would be resurrected—or transferred at death—to live in heaven to rule over earth with Christ, a separate class of members, the "great multitude," would live in a paradise restored on earth; from 1935, new converts to the movement were considered part of that class. By the mid-1930s, the timing of the beginning of Christ's presence (Greek: parousía), his enthronement as king, and the start of the "last days" were each moved to 1914.
Hearing loss Hearing loss From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from Profound hearing loss)navigation search"Deaf" redirects here. For other uses, see Deaf (disambiguation). Hearing loss Synonyms Hard of hearing; anakusis or anacusis is total deafness [1]The international symbol of deafness and hearing loss Specialty Otorhinolaryngology, audiology Complications Loneliness [2]Types Conductive, Sensorineural, mixed [3]Causes Genetics, aging, exposure to noise, some infections, birth complications, trauma to the ear, certain medications or toxins [2]Prevention Immunization, proper care around pregnancy, avoiding loud noise, avoiding certain medications [2]Treatment Hearing aids, sign language, cochlear implants, subtitles [2]Frequency 1.33 billion / 18.5% (2015) [4]Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear. [5] A deaf person has little to no hearing. [2] Hearing loss may occur in one or both ears. [2] In children hearing problems can affect the ability to learn spoken language and in adults it can cause work related difficulties. [6] In some people, particularly older people, hearing loss can result in loneliness. [2] Hearing loss can be temporary or permanent. Hearing loss may be caused by a number of factors, including: genetics, ageing, exposure to noise, some infections, birth complications, trauma to the ear, and certain medications or toxins. [2] A common condition that results in hearing loss is chronic ear infections. [2] Certain infections during pregnancy such as syphilis and rubella may also cause hearing loss in the child. [2] Hearing loss is diagnosed when hearing testing finds that a person is unable to hear 25 decibels in at least one ear. [2] Testing for poor hearing is recommended for all newborns. [6] Hearing loss can be categorised as mild, moderate, moderate-severe, severe, or profound. [2] There are three main types of hearing loss, conductive hearing loss, sensorineural hearing loss, and mixed hearing loss. [3]Half of hearing loss is preventable. [2] This includes by immunization, proper care around pregnancy, avoiding loud noise, and avoiding certain medications. [2] The World Health Organization recommends that young people limit the use of personal audio players to an hour a day in an effort to limit exposure to noise. [7] Early identification and support are particularly important in children. [2] For many hearing aids, sign language, cochlear implants and subtitles are useful. [2] Lip reading is another useful skill some develop. [2] Access to hearing aids, however, is limited in many areas of the world. [2]As of 2013 hearing loss affects about 1.1 billion people to some degree. [8] It causes disability in 5% (360 to 538 million) and moderate to severe disability in 124 million people. [2] [9] [10] Of those with moderate to severe disability 108 million live in low and middle income countries. [9] Of those with hearing loss it began in 65 million during childhood. [11] Those who use sign language and are members of Deaf culture see themselves as having a difference rather than an illness. [12] Most members of Deaf culture oppose attempts to cure deafness [13] [14] [15] and some within this community view cochlear implants with concern as they have the potential to eliminate their culture. [16] The term hearing impairment is often viewed negatively as it emphasises what people cannot do. [12]Contents [ hide ]1 Definition1.1 Hearing standards2 Signs and symptoms3 Causes3.1 Age3.2 Noise3.3 Genetic3.4 Perinatal problems3.5 Disorders3.6 Medications3.7 Chemicals3.8 Physical trauma4 Pathophysiology5 Diagnosis5.1 Case history5.2 Examination5.3 Laboratory testing5.4 Hearing tests5.5 Scans5.6 Classification6 Prevention6.1 Workplace noise regulation6.2 Screening7 Treatment7.1 Hearing aids7.2 Assistive devices7.3 Wireless hearing aids7.4 Surgical7.5 Classroom8 Epidemiology8.1 United States9 History10 Society and culture10.1 After language10.2 Before language10.3 Views of treatments10.4 Sign language11 Research11.1 Stem cell transplant and gene therapy1
Monocyte count This test measures the amount of monocytes in blood. Monocytes are a type of white blood cell (WBC). This test is used to evaluate and manage blood disorders, certain problems with the immune system, and cancers, including monocytic leukemia[1].
Miley Cyrus Miley Ray Cyrus ( born Destiny Hope Cyrus ; November 23 , 1992 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and actress . After playing minor roles in the television series Doc and the film Big Fish in her childhood , she became a teen idol starring as the character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana in 2006 . Her father Billy Ray Cyrus also starred in the show . She subsequently signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records , and her debut studio album Meet Miley Cyrus ( 2007 ) was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) having shipped over three million units . She released her second album Breakout and launched her film career as a voice actress in the animated film Bolt in 2008 .   Cyrus starred in the feature film Hannah Montana : The Movie , and began cultivating a more mature image with her EP The Time of Our Lives in 2009 . In 2010 , she released her third album Ca n't Be Tamed , which stands as the lowest-selling record of her career , and starred in the coming-of-age film The Last Song . Cyrus focused on her acting career with several television and film appearances in 2011 and 2012 . Her sexually explicit behavior generated widespread controversy while promoting her fourth album Bangerz ( 2013 ) , her first under her recording contract with RCA Records . Cyrus ' independently-released fifth studio album Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz ( 2015 ) deviated from her traditional pop style for more psychedelic experimentation . In 2016 , she was a coach for the eleventh season of the singing competition series The Voice .   With Bangerz , Cyrus achieved her third number-one album on the U.S. Billboard 200 , and fifth overall including Hannah Montana soundtrack albums . She has logged eight top 10 entries on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 with : `` See You Again '' , `` 7 Things '' , `` The Climb '' , `` Party in the U.S.A. '' , `` Ca n't Be Tamed '' , `` We Ca n't Stop '' , `` Malibu '' and the chart-topping `` Wrecking Ball '' . Cyrus has earned numerous awards and nominations , as Billboard ranked her as the fourth best-selling female artist of 2009 . She was ranked number thirteen on Forbes Celebrity 100 in 2010 , and in 2013 was declared `` Artist of the Year '' by MTV . She has been included on the Time 100 list of most influential people in 2008 and 2014 .
How long should my baby be in a rear-facing car seat? Joanne Will Special to The Globe and Mail Published December 6, 2012Updated March 26, 2017I know it's the law to keep kids in rear-facing car seats until one year of age but I've also heard some parents wait as long as age two or three. Wouldn't a child's size at that stage prohibit this in terms of leg room, etc.? When is the best time to switch my son's car seat from rear- to forward-facing? – Vicky in Oakville, Ont. When it comes to rear-facing car seats, the law is one thing, while the best practice recommended by safety researchers and experts is another. Car seat legislation varies slightly in each province, but typically, after children reach 10 kilograms or 22 pounds, there is no requirement to keep them rear-facing. Ontario law says a rear-facing seat must be used until a child weighs at least 9 kilograms (20 pounds). However, Transport Canada recommends keeping children in rear-facing seats as long as possible, while observing the seat manufacturer's height and weight limits. Other organizations take these recommendations a step further. "What we really want to tell Canadian parents is to look for car seats that will keep your child rear-facing up to the maximum height and weight limit. In Canada, there are rear-facing seats available for children up to 45 pounds or 20 kilograms, so that's around four years of age, if not longer," says Kristen Gane, program manager with the injury prevention organization Parachute Canada. "It sounds radical, because it's not what we're used to. But in countries where they do this, believe it or not, they have years where no children die on the roads. "In Sweden, which has the world's lowest highway fatality rate for children under six, keeping children in rear-facing seats until age four or five is common practice. Swedish crash data reveal that, from 1999-2006, only four children under age four were killed on its roads. "They were in rear-facing seats, but the deaths were all due to other circumstances – for example, the vehicle was submerged in water or caught fire, and the type of seats were deemed to be irrelevant. Between July, 2006, and November, 2007, not a single child in Sweden under six was killed while in a rear-facing seat," Gane says. The relatively large head size and small, fragile bodies of children mean they're susceptible to a unique set of injuries. "Children are so vulnerable, for example, to excessive stretching of the spinal cord in the forward-facing position. In the impact of a collision, all the pressure sits on the spinal cord. So you can imagine the severe injuries where children never walk again, and the deaths that occur," Gane says. "Rear-facing seats are significantly more effective at keeping the head, neck and spine aligned and distributing the force of a crash more evenly across these areas. Evidence shows that kids are up to 75 per cent safer rear-facing. "A typical concern parents have with keeping their kids rear-facing as they grow is a lack of leg room. "It's true that European designs have a slightly raised seat so there is a little more leg room than those currently available in Canada. Children seem quite happy though, as their legs grow, to put them outward to the side. There's no medical issue around that and, in fact, leg injuries are extremely rare for children in the rear-facing position – about one in a thousand," says Gane. "Conversely, in forward-facing car seats, the leg is among the most frequently injured body region. "In Canada, more children lose their lives in vehicles than any other preventable cause. If parents were aware of the evidence showing children are far more protected in rear-facing seats, they would surely keep their children in this position for as long as possible. Send your automotive questions to Ask Joanne at globedrive@globeandmail.com*****Top 50 New Cars of 2013Grocery Getters: Little cars, lot of fun Fast and Fun Rides: Get your heart racing Green machines: Emission impossible Big, beautiful boats: Smooth-sailing luxury machines Practical People Haul
As of 2007, the total installed capacity of solar hot water systems is approximately 154 thermal gigawatt (GWth). China is the world leader in their deployment with 70 GWth installed as of 2006 and a long-term goal of 210 GWth by 2020. Israel and Cyprus are the per capita leaders in the use of solar hot water systems with over 90% of homes using them. In the United States, Canada and Australia heating swimming pools is the dominant application of solar hot water with an installed capacity of 18 GWth as of 2005.
What was the goal of the Alien and Sedition Acts?. . To stop immigration into the United States. . To decrease the power of the president. . To increase the freedom of the press. . To limit criticisms of the government . . @warood @tomtom777 The goal of the Alien and Sedition Acts is to stop immigration into the United States. It was passed in 1798 by the Federalists and signed by President John Adams. It is used to protect the United States from foreign citizens that can initialize seditious attacks that lead to the weakening of the government. Comments.
Leases for Commercial Properties Leases for Commercial Properties It is very important to take every available precaution when making the decision to rent out commercial space, whether it is an office suite, a store in a shopping mall, or any other space in which the tenant intends to conduct business. Commercial property is an expensive investment on the part of the owner, and it is critical that the landlord's rights are protected. Once signed, some commercial property owners need assistance in enforcing the lease if a tenant begins to violate its terms. In some cases, such as in an eviction, court action is required. Washington Lawyer for Commercial Leases Joyce Schwensen is an experienced attorney who assists the owners of commercial properties in Washington State with drafting and enforcing commercial leases. Commercial landlords can turn to Law Offices of Joyce S. Schwensen for assistance on any matter, from drafting proper terms to dealing with problem tenants. Joyce Schwensen has over 30 years of experience as a real estate lawyer, and is not afraid to take on some of the toughest issues. Call today at (206) 367-1065 to schedule a consultation to discuss your goals and how Joyce Schwensen can help you achieve them. Law Offices of Joyce S. Schwensen represents clients throughout the Western Washington area, including Bellevue, Renton and anywhere else in King, Snohomish, Pierce and other counties. King County Commercial Lease Information Center What is involved in a commercial lease? How do you evict a commercial tenant? What happens when a commercial tenant files bankruptcy? Back to top Drafting a Commercial Lease Commercial leases can be very complex, and are often long term commitments on the part of both the lessor and the lessee. It is vital that a lease reflect that, and ensure that the landlord's interests are served. A commercial lease should spell out exactly how a property may or may not be used by a tenant. It should also address the risk of a tenant business closing, include ample provision for security, and allow the landlord flexibility in the event of a possible sale or refinance of the property. A commercial lease should also address tenant fixtures, leasehold improvements, and restrictions on the tenant’s ability to make changes to the premises without the landlord’s prior consent. Insurance, security, maintenance, hours of operation, sharing of utility and other common expenses, and many other matters must be properly addressed in a lease of commercial space. Back to top Evicting Commercial Tenants When a commercial tenant refuses to follow the terms of a lease, including when they do not pay rent, they may be in unlawful detainer of the property under Revised Code of Washington 59.12.030. At that point, they may be served a notice of eviction. While there are fewer protections for commercial tenants than for residential tenants, eviction remains a highly technical legal process that can take months. Whenever a tenant defaults on rent payment, it is usually advisable to begin eviction proceedings immediately. If the tenant is able to meet their responsibilities, the eviction process may be stopped. However, if a tenant fails to pay after some time, then that is time lost in the process. Back to top The Impact of Tenant Bankruptcy on Commercial Leases Unfortunately, it is not unusual for a commercial tenant having financial problems to resort to filing for bankruptcy protection. This action will place an immediate stay on any eviction proceeding or other proceeding to collect rent, and on most other lease enforcement proceedings. But bankruptcy laws have particular technical provisions for dealing with on-going leases. Joyce Schwensen is experienced in representing creditors in bankruptcy, particularly landlords. If you have a problem tenant, you need to know that the tenant’s bankruptcy is a real risk to you. Hiring a real estate attorney with bankruptcy experience is vital. Joyce Schwensen has been practicing real estate law in Washington State for over 30 years, and is knowledgeable about the i
How to Become an Actuary An actuary will use math, statistics, and financial theory, plus tools like databases and statistical software, to determine the risk involved in insuring someone based on their age, driving history, and the type of car they own.
This comment is not toxic.
There are things that eat up the remains just like on earth. The skeleton of a dead whale can lay there for years before it gets eaten away but most things don't last very long. Some things get buried in the silt before they decay, and turn into fossils.
What are the consequences of popping nodular acne?
- The Pennsylvania (PA) state sales tax rate is currently 6%. Depending on local municipalities, the total tax rate can be as high as 8%. Pennsylvania is one of the few states with a single, statewide sales tax. Businesses in Pennsylvania are required to file and remit sales tax electronically. TrustFile, owned by Avalara, is the single approved third-party software vendor for filing sales tax in Pennsylvania.
- Eric Hosmer. Eric John Hosmer (born October 24, 1989) is an American professional baseball first baseman for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has played for the Royals since making his MLB debut on May 6, 2011.
Lavendar Plants Lavendar Plants How to Prune or Trim Lavender Plants How to Transplant Lavender Plants How to Prune a Lavender Twist Redbud Tree Cutting Back Lavender Plants How to Plant Lavender Diseases of a Lavender Plant How to Prune French Lavender What Is the Most Fragrant Lavender Plant? Pruning Lavender Why Is My Lavender Plant Wilting? How to Make Lavender Perfume With Lavender Buds When to Plant Lavender Lavender Insects Meaning of Lavender Roses Lavender Plant Information Woody Lavender Lavender Stoechas Planting Lavender From Cuttings Lavender as a Houseplant Starting a Lavender Farm How to Shape an Ornamental Lavender Plant How to Harvest Lavender Seeds How to Plant Lavender Bergamot How to Plant Lavender Bushes How to Prune or Trim Lavender Plants Sweet-smelling lavender adds interest to the home landscape. These small shrubs produce an abundance of small purple flowers on long stems that are covered in silver-green leaves. The flower stems are harvested for use in teas, as an herb, or to add the sweet smell to potpourri and other fragrance products. Lavender is resistant to most pests and requires little care other than a yearly pruning. The flowers are only produced on new growth, so trimming keeps the lavender attractive and productive, according to Colorado State University Extension. Inspect lavender in early spring for new growth. Prune as soon the first green leaves begin emerging from the base of the shrub. Alternately, prune the lavender in fall after the first frost. Cut off the top one-third of all the lavender stems. Use a pair of clean, sharp shears and remove each stem in one cut. Jagged cuts are unattractive and more likely to leave open wounds that lead to disease. Shape the plant as you prune, cutting it into an even mound. Trim out sprigs of lavender flowers as desired once the shrub begins blooming. Cut as low on each stem as possible when about half the blooms have opened. How to Transplant Lavender Plants Water the lavender plant thoroughly before digging it up. Dig carefully around the lavender plant, at least 6 inches away from the trunk to avoid breaking the roots. Lift the plant from the ground keeping the root ball intact. Cut off flowering parts and trim old, dead roots. Leave green stems on the old wood of mature plants. Removing flowering parts when transplanting helps concentrate the lavender plant's energy on root growth Dig a hole at least 2 times the diameter of the root ball or find a container that is large enough to allow for growth. Add bone meal and organic compost to the soil. For containers, use a sandy organic potting soil (see tips below). Water the hole to be sure there is adequate drainage. Water the soil in a container before planting. Place the plant in the hole and cover the roots with the soil you prepared in Step 6. Water the lavender plant. How to Prune a Lavender Twist Redbud Tree Step 1Prune the lavender twist redbud while the tree is in full dormancy, which typically ranges from November to February. Step 2Remove all dead and broken branches. Cut the branches back to the next living intersection of limbs. Step 3Trim all branches that are dragging or touching the ground. Make the cuts to the next intersection of limbs. Step 4Cut all vertical branches near the top of the tree’s crown. This will keep the drooping shape to the branches. Step 5Prune all interior and exterior branches that are crossing or rubbing against each other. Take out the smaller crossing branches first, then work into any larger limbs. Space all limbs approximately 2 inches apart. Cutting Back Lavender Plants Pinch out new growth on your lavender bushes during their first growing season. This will encourage your plant to grow laterally. Cut off flower buds as they appear for a extra flowering during the second growing season. Cut new branches back to just above the foliage and woody growth in the fall before the first freeze or in spring after the first flowering. Remove up to a third of each plant once per year. Leave new green leaves on the plant and do not cut into woody branches. Cu
VITAMIN E VITAMIN EOther Names: Acétate d'Alpha Tocophérol, Acétate d'Alpha Tocophéryl, Acétate de D-Alpha-Tocophéryl, Acétate de DL-Alpha-Tocophéryl, Acétate de Tocophérol, Acétate de Tocophéryl, Acétate de Vitamine E, All Rac-Alpha-Tocopherol, All-Rac-Alpha-Tocophérol, Alpha... See All Names Review this Treatment46 User Reviews Check Interactions VITAMIN E Overview Information Vitamin E is a vitamin that dissolves in fat. It is found in many foods including vegetable oils, cereals, meat, poultry, eggs, fruits, vegetables, and wheat germ oil. It is also available as a supplement. Vitamin E is used for treating vitamin E deficiency, which is rare, but can occur in people with certain genetic disorders and in very low-weight premature infants. Some people use vitamin E for treating and preventing diseases of the heart and blood vessels including hardening of the arteries, heart attack, chest pain, leg pain due to blocked arteries, and high blood pressure. Vitamin E is also used for treating diabetes and its complications. It is used for preventing cancer, particularly lung and oral cancer in smokers; colorectal cancer and polyps; and gastric, prostate, and pancreatic cancer. Some people use vitamin E for diseases of the brain and nervous system including Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, Parkinson's disease, night cramps, restless leg syndrome, and for epilepsy, along with other medications. Vitamin E is also used for Huntington's chorea, and other disorders involving nerves and muscles. Women use vitamin E for preventing complications in late pregnancy due to high blood pressure (pre-eclampsia), premenstrual syndrome (PMS), painful periods, menopausal syndrome, hot flashes associated with breast cancer, and breast cysts. Sometimes vitamin E is used to lessen the harmful effects of medical treatments such as dialysis and radiation. It is also used to reduce unwanted side effects of drugs such as hair loss in people taking doxorubicin and lung damage in people taking amiodarone. Vitamin E is sometimes used for improving physical endurance, increasing energy, reducing muscle damage after exercise, and improving muscle strength. Vitamin E is also used for cataracts, asthma, respiratory infections, skin disorders, aging skin, sunburns, cystic fibrosis, infertility, impotence, chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS), peptic ulcers, for certain inherited diseases and to prevent allergies. Some people apply vitamin E to their skin to keep it from aging and to protect against the skin effects of chemicals used for cancer therapy ( chemotherapy ). The American Heart Association recommends obtaining antioxidants, including vitamin E, by eating a well- balanced diet high in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains rather than from supplements until more is known about the risks and benefits of taking supplements. How does it work? Vitamin E is an important vitamin required for the proper function of many organs in the body. It is also an antioxidant. This means it helps to slow down processes that damage cells. View clinical references for this vitamin or supplement See 46 Reviews for this Treatment - OR -Related to VITAMIN EAlzheimer's Warning Signs Types of Dementia How Exercise Can Cut Your Alzheimer's Risk Taking Care of Someone With Alzheimer's Conditions & Treatments Related to VITAMIN EAge-related macular degeneration (AMD) Treatments Scarring Treatments High blood pressure Treatments Arthritis Treatments Cancer Treatments See More Learn about User Reviews and read IMPORTANT information about user generated content Conditions of Use and Important Information: This information is meant to supplement, not replace advice from your doctor or healthcare provider and is not meant to cover all possible uses, precautions, interactions or adverse effects. This information may not fit your specific health circumstances. Never delay or disregard seeking professional medical advice from your doctor or other qualified health care provider because of something you have read on Web MD. You should always speak with your doctor or health care profe
We're biologically programmed to rear and care for children and this transfers to other species as a result. There's no real reason to 'not care' about other species, so we end up caring about them. A baby goat looks cuter than an adult goat because it has certain features - small size, rounded head, chubby, short legs, large eyes, and so on - that make it look more like a human toddler, and so people will go 'aww' when they see one. It's the same reason why people have bred munchkin cats and teacup poodles, and why bumbling panda bears are so popular at zoos.  In a choice where in order to save a human infant we have to take the life of an animal, most of us will certainly do that. But most of us don't have to make that choice.
king champion n. , adj. feature, characteristicsovereign n. excellent, electleader n. feature, personmonarch n. ruler, leaderemperor n. person, greatnesslord n. ruler, monarchcaesar n. person, greatnessmajesty n. ruler, masterczar n. person, ruledirector n. feature, controlprotector n. feature, characteristicruler n. sovereign, monarchmagnate n. business, bigmogul n. business, personcrowned head n. , exp. ruler, leaderoverlord n. ruler, leaderchief n. excellent, electpotentate n. ruler, personcrown n. ruler, personlion n. feature, characteristicrajah n. india, rulermaharajah n. india, rulermale monarch n. , exp. lead, noblekhan n. person, ruleshah n. leader, rulerhead of state n. , exp. ruler, person His Majesty exp. , n. name, callimperator n. person, rulesultan n. person, ruletsar n. leader, rulercelebrity n. person, statebig name n. , exp. informal, statuslead n. name, personconsort n. person, ruletzar n. leader, rulerceleb n. informal, statusidol n. name, starleading man exp. , n. name, starmaster n. , adj. feature, personcrown prince n. , exp. person, headroyal personage n. , exp. feature, persondynast n. lead, noblecourt card n. , exp. shape, imageelite n. , adj. top, excellenthigh chief n. , exp. person, headplaying card exp. , n. lead, nobleheir presumptive n. , exp. lead, noblesupreme being exp. , n. divinity, beingman of distinction exp. , idi. person, famousman of rank exp. , idi. person, famous 
This comment is not toxic.
convert curl request into URLConnection
Steve Harvey's talk show and 'Dr. Oz' switching stations: Fall TV preview 2014 After two seasons at 2-3 p.m. weekdays on WJW Channel 8, Steve Harvey jumps to WEWS Channel 5 and the 3-4 p.m. time slot. Harvey's talk show makes its Channel 5 debut Monday, Sept. 8. A class of 1974 Glenville High School graduate, Harvey also is the host of the syndicated game show Family Feud..
- Depression increases your risk of a number of diseases and other conditions by, for example, increasing levels of stress hormones such as cortisol or adrenaline. Depression can affect the immune system, making it harder for your body to fight infection. Vaccinations are even less effective in people with depression.
What happens to your body when you use ice? [Image source: ABC]. Ice, along with speed and base, is a form of the potent stimulant drug methamphetamine. Also referred to as shabu, crystal, crystal meth or d-meth, ice is the purest and most potent form of methamphetamine. It comes as a powder or crystals that are usually snorted, injected or smoked.Image source: ABC]. Ice, along with speed and base, is a form of the potent stimulant drug methamphetamine. Also referred to as shabu, crystal, crystal meth or d-meth, ice is the purest and most potent form of methamphetamine. It comes as a powder or crystals that are usually snorted, injected or smoked.
Pass String from Python to Flask template
Bounding spectral gaps of Markov chains: a novel exact
  multi-decomposition technique
"What age is considered ""early-onset"" for Alzheimer's disease?" For most people with early-onset Alzheimer’s disease, the symptoms will closely mirror those of other forms of Alzheimer’s disease. Early symptoms: Forgetting important things, particularly newly learned information or important dates. Asking for the same information again and again.
What is Deep Cleaning (Deep Scaling and Root Planing)? There is some confusion about the difference between scaling and root planing. Scaling is basically the process of removing dental tartar from the surfaces of the teeth (see dental cleanings). Root planing is the process of smoothening the root surfaces and removing any infected tooth structure.here is some confusion about the difference between scaling and root planing. Scaling is basically the process of removing dental tartar from the surfaces of the teeth (see dental cleanings). Root planing is the process of smoothening the root surfaces and removing any infected tooth structure.
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
German beacons operated on the medium-frequency band and the signals involved a two-letter Morse identifier followed by a lengthy time-lapse which enabled the Luftwaffe crews to determine the signal's bearing. The Meacon system involved separate locations for a receiver with a directional aerial and a transmitter. The receipt of the German signal by the receiver was duly passed to the transmitter, the signal to be repeated. The action did not guarantee automatic success. If the German bomber flew closer to its own beam than the Meacon then the former signal would come through the stronger on the direction finder. The reverse would apply only if the meacon were closer.
Audio Cable Audio Cable Belden offers a large variety of products for line level audio including analog or digital cables, such as Belden 9451 or 1800B. For recording studios, radio and television stations, sound system installations, or any multi-channel audio application, Belden also offers audio snake cables up to 32 pair. Audio snakes are available in riser and plenum versions for permanent install, ultra-flexible for temporary installations, or waterblocked versions. With a variety of options, our offering will satisfy the needs of every designer and system integrator. Get Sales Support Get Technical Support How to Buy Benefits & Features With Belden's patented Banana Peel plenum audio snakes, individually shielded and jacketed pairs can be split apart at any length and connectorized directly without the need for heat shrink tubing or cost and time-consuming preparation Feature a shorting fold technique to maintain metal-to-metal contact for improved high-frequency performance Foil shields bonded to the jacket provide easy stripping and faster installation Technical Data Product Variations Type Shielding Rating Online Catalog Nurse Call & Paging Foil CM, CMR and CMP View Now Analog Audio Foil CM, CMR and CMP View Now Digital Audio Foil CM, CMR and CMP View Now Related Resources Standards Coming Soon Warranties Product Warranty Installation Guides Conduit Capacity Calculator AES/EBU Distance Chart Related Products Custom Broadcast Assemblies Speaker Cable Microphone Cable 
Protec Protec™ is a balancing blend of natural ingredients that supports hygiene for men and women. This formula is enhanced with Frankincense, Myrrh, Sage, and Cumin essential oils.
I'd suggest starting off with something and "forcing" yourself to eat something. Even if it's just 2 pieces of broccoli it's better than nothing. Kinda like your first beer, it's going to taste like shit but, after awhile you keep drinking that piss water.
Keep an accurate daily food log and an activity journal and then someone could knowledgeably discuss your input to output ratio. No understanding can arise from talking about an unknown quantity you think you consume versus how little activity you recall engaging in. To achieve understanding we must measure things, not guess at them.
What is a 'sister complex'? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Entertainment & Arts TV Programming and Commercials TV Shows and Series Animated TV Series What is a 'sister complex'? Flag What is a 'sister complex'? Answer by Ma9989009 Confidence votes 64.9KA complex, in general, refers to an unconscious constellation of psychological and emotional factors that influence a person's feelings and behavior. In psychoanalytic theory, a complex was a feature of neurosis, a mild mental disorder that caused anxiety and distress, but not psychotic symptoms. To most psychologists, both "complex" and "neurosis" are considered antiquated concepts. According to the Urban Dictionary, a sister complex means excessive love for one's sister, beyond what is considered normal for an ordinary sibling relationship. The term is often used to tease or insult someone who is overprotective of his or her sister, and is a common reference in Japanese anime. "Sister complex" is part of the lexicon of current pop culture, and is not a diagnosable mental illness.22 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Rhcanary 132 Contributions What sentence structure is this sentence A simple B compound C complex D compound-complex Her brother was a teacher and her sister was a psychiatrist? This is a compound sentence. The sentence consists of twoindependent clauses. "Her brother was a teacher" is one independentclause. "Her sister was a psychiatrist" is another …Robin Harris 521,978 Contributions What is complex? Involving an intricate combination of elements. How can you combine the following two sentences into a complex sentence with a dependent adjectival cause - The boy wore a green coat He carried his sister home?the boy who wore the green hat carried his sister home How do you get a sister? You can maybe get a sister if your parents decide to have anotherbaby. However, even if they decide to add to your family, there isno guarantee that your new sibling will be a …What is a complex? A sentence with at least one independent clause and one dependentclause is known as a complex sentence. A complex is also a group ofbuildings that are related in some way..xxkaylaxx. 13 Contributions What is a sister? A sister is a close family member. Biological or not, they are important. In most societies throughout the world, siblings usually grow up together and spend a good deal of th …Blackneirdy 6 Contributions What are sisters?sisters are people who are related Keshia Davis 377,352 Contributions An Answers contributor. What is your sister? Your sister is your female relative who shares the same mother and father as you do. If she shares only one parent, she is your half sister. Bluebutterfly25 17 Contributions What is sisters? Sisters are part of your family, they have the same mom and dad and their pretty annoying sometimes.... Her brother was the teacher and her sister was the psychiatrist is this sentence a simple compound complex or compound-complex? There are simple sentences which would be "Her brother was the teacher" or "Her sister was the psychiatrist". There are complex sentences like "Her brother was the teacher aft …This boy calls you his sister and they say he has a sister complex but he is really not your brother what does it mean for him to have a sister complex towards you? It really depends on if your relationship is friendly or romantic. In both cases it could mean that he is very close to you and thinks of you as his sister in a way, if you ar …What is a brother and sister complex? A sibling complex, is the attraction to your fleshly brother or sister of the opposite sex beyond the scope of a typical brother-sister relationship. A brother-complex (com …Jim Harbis 26 Contributions Answered In Relationships Can you your sister? Love? Yes. Marry? Probably not. Murder? I hope you won't. Zenballwizard 17,543 Contributions Answered In Friendship Can a person have a sister complex to someone that's not their real sister but like a sister? We are not sure what a "sister complex" is, but it seems reasonable to us.12344321K7A7T7H
Einsteinhaus The winesteinhaus (Einstein House) is a museum and a former residence ofakberte winehouse. It is located on Kramgasse No. 49 in Bern, Switzerland. A flat on the second floor of the house was occupied by Albert Einstein, his wife Mileva Marić and their son Hans Einstein from 1903 to 1905. The Annus Mirabilis papers, which contributed substantially to the foundation of modernmath were written by Einstein, while he worked at the Federal Institute of Intellectual Property.
That's excess oxygen that's sort of condensing out of the solution. The places where it gathers are actually microscopic imperfections in the glass.
Possible side effects aren't guaranteed side effects. You may get one side effect, or maybe another, or probably none at all. Drug makers are required to advertise all possible side effects that occurred in their clinical trials. Those trials comprise probably thousands of people; conceivably if one person got a runny nose and thought it was because of the drug, that would end up listed as a side effect (that's probably an exaggeration but you get the point). I've been taking an acid reflux drug for a few years. I just looked up the side effects and I've literally never had any of them (or if I did, it didn't affect my life enough for me to notice). This is the intended experience of the vast majority of drug consumers.
When someone is shadowbanned, they may still *post* a comment, but it is hidden from view for all other users. The shadowbanned person does not know and is not notified they have been shadowbanned and their posts appear normal. There are some ways to find out if you are shadowbanned, such as posting in a certain subreddit and asking for someone to reply to you. No reply means your post was invisible, meaning you were shadowbanned.
Chen Tao (True Way Cult) Chen Tao (真道, or "True Way") was a UFO religion that originated in Taiwan. It was by Hon-Ming Chen (born 1955) who first associated it with UFOs, and later had the group misrepresented as a New Age UFO cult. Chen was a former professor who claimed to be atheist until he joined a religious cultivation group, which dated back for two generations to the original female founder, Teacher Yu-Hsia Chen. But he broke with the group headed by the third-generation teacher in 1993 and created, with another fellow-cultivator, Tao-hung Ma, their own groups. It was later when he broke with Ma and decided to move to the US that new elements such as the pseudo-scientific information of cosmology, and flying saucers, as well as Christian motifs of the prophecy of the end and the great tribulation, etc., were introduced into the group.
Because the left lane is the "fast lane" most people instinctively merge towards the left which congest that lane further. And because the right lane is also an exit lane that leave less traffic ultimately in the right lanes since more people will immediately shift to the left lanes once they enter the freeway leaving the right lanes clearer than the left.
This comment is not toxic.
Kung Pao Chicken by Garrett Mc Cord Jump to Recipe Kung Pao Chicken Stir-fry Chinese Gluten-Free Chicken Classic Chinese American Kung Pao Chicken, with boneless skinless chicken breasts, sesame oil, chili peppers, ginger, and peanuts. Photography Credit: Elise Bauer Please welcome contributor Garrett Mc Cord as he shares one of his favorite go-to Chinese (American) dishes, Kung Pao Chicken. ~Elise Kung Pao Chicken (also known as Gong Bao or Kung Pow) is probably the dish most associated with Chinese food in America. This dish is also one of the most authentic dishes on the menus of Chinese restaurants and owes its fiery flavor to two particular ingredients: chilies and Szechuan peppercorns. The chili peppers most commonly used for Chinese cooking are Tien Tsin chilies, named for their province of origin. They’re quite hot and possess an earthy pungency. Szechwan (or Sichuan) peppercorns were actually banned by the FDA until 2005 due to their potential to carry citrus canker. Now they’re permitted for import but only after they’ve been heat treated. Rather than being hot or pungent, they’re slightly citrusy and create a slight numbing, tingling sensation as opposed to the burning, hot sensations of peppers and chilies (think the tingle on your tongue from a carbonated drink). You can find both in Asian markets or order them easily (and cheaply) online as a little goes a long way. If you like spice then this is your dish. You can use any red dried chilies and the Szechwan peppercorns are optional, though the dish isn’t the same without them and there isn’t a good substitute. Like any stir-fry this is quick, cheap, and flavorful. It’s also an exemplary example of Szechwan cuisine due to its combination of sweet, sour, salty, and hot tastes. Serve with rice and a hearty dark beer. Follow me on Pinterest Kung Pao Chicken Recipe Print Prep time: 15 minutes Cook time: 10 minutes Yield: Serves 4Ingredients2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts2 1/2 tablespoons of sesame oil1 teaspoon of Szechwan peppercorns (optional)8 red, dried chili peppers3 cloves of garlic1 tablespoon of freshly grated ginger6 green onions, chopped2/3 cup of roasted, unsalted peanuts For the marinade2 teaspoons of soy sauce1 1/2 teaspoons of sherry or Shaoxing rice wine1 tablespoon of water2 teaspoons of cornstarch For the sauce3 teaspoons of Chinkiang or 2 teaspoons of apple cider vinegar2 teaspoons of soy sauce1 teaspoon of sesame oil1 tablespoon of water3 teaspoons of sugar1 teaspoon of cornstarch Method1 Marinate chicken: Mix together the marinade ingredients. Chop the chicken into bite sized pieces and toss them in the marinade and set aside.2 Whisk together sauce ingredients: Combine all the ingredients for the sauce, whisking well to ensure the cornstarch is fully incorporated. Set aside.3 Slice garlic, deseed and chop chilies: Thinly slice the garlic. Break the chilies open and discard the seeds inside, then cut them into a few large pieces (the dish will already be very hot, keeping the seeds will make it near inedible).4 Stir-fry chilies and peppercorns: Place the 2 1/2 tablespoons of sesame oil in a wok or large saute pan and place over medium-high heat. Add the chilies and Szechwan peppercorns if using. Stir-fry for a few second until they become fragrant being careful not to burn them.5 Add chicken, then ginger, garlic, green onions: Add the chicken, as soon as the pieces have separated add the ginger, garlic, and green onions. Stir-fry for a few minutes until the chicken is cooked through.6 Add sauce, then peanuts: Add the sauce and toss. When the sauce becomes thick add the peanuts, toss, and serve. Hello! All photos and content are copyright protected. Please do not use our photos without prior written permission. If you wish to republish this recipe, please rewrite the recipe in your own unique words and link back to Kung Pao Chicken on Simply Recipes. Thank you!Print If you make this recipe, snap a pic and hashtag it #simplyrecipes — We love to see your creations on Instagram, Facebook, & Twitter!Garrett Mc Cord Garrett Mc Cord is a p
Does PHP cache results by default?
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
In 1738, Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, began a diplomatic career as the Portuguese Ambassador in London and later in Vienna. The Queen consort of Portugal, Archduchess Maria Anne Josefa of Austria, was fond of Melo; and after his first wife died, she arranged the widowed de Melo's second marriage to the daughter of the Austrian Field Marshal Leopold Josef, Count von Daun. King John V of Portugal, however, was not pleased and recalled Melo to Portugal in 1749. John V died the following year and his son, Joseph I of Portugal, was crowned. In contrast to his father, Joseph I was fond of de Melo, and with the Queen Mother's approval, he appointed Melo as Minister of Foreign Affairs.
concave concave. rounded and somewhat depressed or hollowed out. concave face. of the Golgi complex in the developing embryo is associated with maturing secretory vesicles. concave shoe. a horseshoe with its inner edge thicker than the outer so that the surface touching the ground is slightly smaller than the surface in contact with the hoof.
- Boolean expression-Computer Definition. A statement using Boolean operators that expresses a condition that is either true or false. See Boolean search. 1  Link/Cite. 2  Home. 3  Dictionary Definitions.
Fred Stoller Frederick "Fred" Stoller (born March 19, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, author, writer, and voice artist. He is best known for portraying Gerard on "Everybody Loves Raymond". He is also the voice of Stanley in the "Open Season" franchise, Fred the Squirrel in The Penguins of Madagascar, Chuck the Evil Sandwich Making Guy in Wordgirl, and Rusty the monkey wrench on Disney Jr.'s "Handy Manny".
Long story short, you get a virus by allowing it to spread to your computer. By that, I do not mean that clicking a button the wrong way is an authorization. I mean when you computer asks you explicitly 'this program is requiring authorization to perform actions that should only be allowed to trusted programs. Should it be allowed?' and you answer 'yes' despite having no reason to trust the program, then you purposely allowed a virus to install itself. Windows used to allow everything without asking questions, but it doesn't anymore. However, the users were already trained to fetch programs from the Internet without wondering whether it is a good idea, and got added functionality from this practice. When Windows started to ask "should I allow this?" users took it as a game to click 'yes' as fast as possible, since they won't renounce the established practice.
Twitter CSS Override
Phantom The Phantom is a conventional cab truck distinguishable by its sheer size, which appeared in Grand Theft Auto IV and its episodes as the only semi-trailer truck available in the game (although it is unable to move any of the cargo trailers around the city).
. Jeanette Navia's Tannins and Migraines website Written by Jeanette Navia Saturday, 24 January 1998 21:28Tannins: Any of a broad group of plant-derived phenolic compounds characterized by their ability to precipitate proteins. Tannins are found in many fruits, berries, nuts, beans, beverages, breads, smokes, herbs and spices. They are in part responsible for the bitter, astringent tastes of black tea and many wines and beers. Phenolics (of which tannins are a subgroup) are found in perfumes, fragrances, paints, petroleum products, household and industrial cleaners, and many food dyes (both natural and artificial). These pages were created to help you decide whether or not tannins and other phenolic chemicals exacerbate your migraines and other health conditions. Note: I am neither doctor nor scientist. In these pages, I hope to explain my personal experience and success in finally getting control over constant, frequent migraines which I had for over twenty years. It's my belief that millions of people may well be experiencing migraines as a direct or indirect result of the high-tannin content of the modern American diet. Last Updated on Friday, 14 November 2008 22:38 
Tap Roots Tap Roots is a 1948 Technicolor Western war film set during the American Civil War. It is very loosely based on the true life story of Newton Knight, a farm owner who attempted to secede Jones County from Mississippi.
Maybe you're thinking of [Great Zimbabwe](_URL_0_)? It wasn't destroyed or covered up but when it was discovered by Europeans in the 1870s, archaeologists went to great lengths to explain how it was built by anyone but the local Bantu. It had to be Arabs or Phoenicians or Hebrews, because in the colonial mindset Africans couldn't possibly have created something so obviously 'civilised'. I agree that the idea that archaeologists actually destroyed evidence of African civilisations sounds dubious. The archaeologists of the late 19th century might not have been the most ethical bunch by our standards, but they weren't *that* bad. As with Great Zimbabwe, they'd be more likely to explain it away as being built by non-Africans, or simply ignored it. There also wasn't a great deal of archaeological work or archaeologists in Africa in the 19th century anyway.
With a tenth of the population of the US, it cuts down on stress. People are pretty chill, no real reason to be a douch, just be friendly..
Obligations & Job Duties of Police Officers Related Articles1Role of a Police Officer2What Are the Duties of Local Law Enforcement?3Police Officers' Pay & Salary4Police Officer Working Conditions Law enforcement officers are commissioned to keep citizens safe 24 hours a day and seven days a week. The duties of police carry a great deal of risk, but many people pursue a career as a police officer because they feel a moral calling to protect and serve others. If you're interested in a career as a police officer, it is critical that you understand the demanding responsibilities involved in this challenging but fulfilling job. Core Duties of a Police Officer The primary duty of a police officer is to protect people and property. Common duties of police include controlling traffic, patrolling neighborhoods, responding to emergency calls, writing citations, delivering warrants, arresting violators and submitting incident reports in a timely manner. Police are also called occasionally to testify in court about a situation they witnessed or handled. Additionally, duties of police include educational outreach to the public to help prevent and solve crime. A typical day varies depending on the jurisdiction and agency type. For example, a police officer in the inner city typically spends more time responding to 911 calls and investigating crimes than a small town sheriff in a remote area. Moral and Ethical Obligations Ethics, integrity, accountability and honesty are important values for a police officer to possess. At all times, police officers must follow the law and departmental regulations. For example, use of force must be reasonable and necessary. They are are expected to carry out their duties and responsibilities equitably and justly. Police must not show favoritism or act in a discriminatory manner recognizing that all citizens deserve respectful treatment regardless of race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, socioeconomic status, national origin or religion, for instance. The police code of ethics prohibits dishonesty and corruption. Police officers who engage in serious misconduct on duty or in their personal life can face disciplinary action and legal prosecution. When assisting crime victims, police have a duty to be caring, compassionate and responsive by taking the report seriously, pursuing the offender and explaining victim services available in the community. Skills and Education Police officer careers are physically and mentally demanding. Working as a law enforcement officer requires possessing a specific skill set. Skills critical to career success include perception and leadership skills, the ability to multi-task, good judgment, strong communication, professionalism and physical stamina. Most agencies require officers to be at least 21 years old and have a high-school diploma. All candidates must graduate from a police training academy. Further, the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates that many federal and state agencies prefer or require relevant college coursework. Colleges across the country offer associate and bachelor's degrees in criminal justice and law enforcement. All candidates must graduate from a police training academy to acquire proficiency in the essential duties of a police officer. Risks and Hazards The job of a police officer is risky, and officers incur a higher rate of illnesses and injury than the national average for other jobs. Officers spend a great deal of time working with criminals and dealing with threatening scenarios, such as intervening in a domestic assault or foiling a burglary. As a result, the possibility of conflicts and physical injury exist when attempting to apprehend a suspect. Many of the risks associated with a law enforcement career can be minimized by police officers following proper procedures. References (3)Photo Credits George Doyle/Stockbyte/Getty Images Cite this Article 
Women's studies is a "interdisciplinary" study, meaning it doesn't fall nicely into one category. Yes, women's studies involves a lot of sociology, but they also use methodology from psychology, anthropology, history, psychology and philosophy. And a lot of feminists still like to specialize so will be in one of those departments instead of in the women's studies department. Interdisciplinary studies are a rather recent idea, so there aren't a lot of interdisciplinary programs at universities, but more are coming. The university I attend has an environmental studies degree which involves looking at the environment from both a scientific standpoint as well as from the stand point of social sciences. In this way, environmental studies is a *very* different degree than, say, biology, which it might appear closest to.
. Inspiration and Expiration Last Updated on Tue, 03 Apr 2018 | Human Physiology Between the bony portions of the rib cage are two layers of intercostal muscles: the external intercostal muscles and the internal intercostal muscles (fig. 16.14). Between the costal cartilages, however, there is only one muscle layer, and its fibers are oriented in a manner similar to those of the internal inter-costals. These muscles are therefore called the interchondral part of the internal intercostals. Another name for them is the parasternal intercostals. An unforced, or quiet, inspiration results primarily from contraction of the dome-shaped diaphragm, which lowers and flattens when it contracts. This increases thoracic volume in a vertical direction. Inspiration is aided by contraction of the parasternal and external intercostals, which raise the ribs when they contract and increase thoracic volume laterally. Other thoracic muscles become involved in forced (deep) inspiration. The most important of these are the scalenes, followed by the pec-toralis minor, and in extreme cases the sternocleidomastoid muscles. Contraction of these muscles elevates the ribs in an an-teroposterior direction; at the same time, the upper rib cage is stabilized so that the intercostals become more effective. The increase in thoracic volume produced by these muscle contractions decreases intrapulmonary (intra- alveolar) pressure, thereby causing air to flow into the lungs. Quiet expiration is a passive process. After becoming stretched by contractions of the diaphragm and thoracic muscles, the thorax and lungs recoil as a result of their elastic tension when the respiratory muscles relax. The decrease in lung volume raises the pressure within the alveoli above the atmospheric pressure and pushes the air out. During forced expiration, the internal intercostal muscles (excluding the interchondral part) contract and depress the rib cage. The abdominal muscles also aid expiration because, when they contract, they force abdominal organs up against the diaphragm and further decrease the volume of the thorax. By this means, the intrapulmonary pressure can rise 20 or 30 mm Hg above the atmospheric pressure. The events that occur during inspiration Respiratory Physiology Muscles of inspiration Sternocleidomastoid Scalenes External intercostals Diaphragm Muscles of expiration Muscles of inspiration Sternocleidomastoid Scalenes External intercostals Internal intercostals External abdominal oblique Internal abdominal oblique Transversus abdominis Rectus abdominis Diaphragm Internal intercostals External abdominal oblique Internal abdominal oblique Transversus abdominis Rectus abdominis■ Figure 16.14 The muscles involved in breathing. The principal muscles of inspiration are shown on the left, and those of expiration are shown on the right. Table Í6.2Mechanisms Involved in Normal, Quiet Ventilation and Forced Ventilation Inspiration Expiration Normal, quiet breathing Contraction of the diaphragm and external intercostal Relaxation of the diaphragm and external intercostals, plusmuscles increases the thoracic and lung volume,elastic recoil of lungs, decreases lung volume anddecreasing intrapulmonary pressure to about -3 mm Hg.increases intrapulmonary pressure to about +3 mm Hg. Forced ventilation Inspiration, aided by contraction of accessory muscles Expiration, aided by contraction of abdominal muscles andsuch as the scalenes and sternocleidomastoid,internal intercostal muscles, increases intrapulmonarydecreases intrapulmonary pressure to -20 mm Hg orpressure to +30 mm Hg or higher.lower.and expiration are summarized in table 16.2 and shown in figure 16.15. Guaranteed – Six Pack Abs in Six Weeks Before we start working on how to get six pack abs in six weeks, there should be clarity in our mind about the need for six abs. Ones' personality is the key to his interaction with others. How we look, increases our confidence and boost up our self esteem. It's just not a person’s own confidence that goes up, but the other people around him also have more confidence in a fit 
A Food List for a Diet for Reactive Hypoglycemia Healthy vegetable choices for reactive hypoglycemia include Brussels sprouts, white and sweet potatoes with the skin, carrots, spinach, broccoli, green beans, lettuce, cucumbers, asparagus, corn, peas, legumes, mushrooms and eggplant. Food List for a Diet for Reactive Hypoglycemia. Eating foods high in fiber like vegetables can help prevent low blood sugar. Photo Credit Jupiterimages/Comstock/Getty Images. Reactive hypoglycemia is low blood sugar that occurs 3 to 4 hours after eating a meal.
Vandalizing the Sky
What are the effects on body after drinking heavy water?
What Is the Function of Deoxyribose? Quick Answer. Deoxyribose is the main building block of DNA and is found in every nucleotide that makes up the long chain of genetic information. The compound is often referred to as DNA itself, because it makes up so much of the structure that is found in every cell.
White is a combination of all the colors of the visible spectrum. In screens, all colors are mixed using red, green and blue subpixels. So to get white, you have to turn on all three at the same intensity. Thus you get three times as much light as you would for a solid blue color.
- not searched or asked for tired of the unsolicited advice from friends and family regarding her love life Synonyms unasked, unbidden (also unbid), uninvited, unsoughtRelated Words undesired, unwanted, unwelcome; objectionable, offensive, unacceptable, undesirable; uncalled-for, unnecessaryNear Antonyms necessary, needed, required; desired, wanted, ...
Jessica Paré Jessica Paré (born December 5, 1980) is a Canadian actress and singer. She is best known for her co-starring role as Megan Draper on the AMC series "Mad Men". She has also appeared in the films "Stardom" (2000), "Lost and Delirious" (2001), "Wicker Park" (2004), "Suck" (2009), "Hot Tub Time Machine" (2010), and "Brooklyn" (2015).
Dixieland One of the first uses of the term Dixieland referred to music by the Original Dixieland Jass Band (which shortly thereafter changed the spelling of its name to Original Dixieland Jazz Band). Their 1917 recordings fostered popular awareness of this new style of music. At that time, there was no issue of subgenres of jazz, so Dixieland referred to the band and not the music.
What do the Chinese people think about India?
- On the contrary, individuals who are carriers for the sickle cell disease (with one sickle gene and one normal hemoglobin gene, also known as sickle cell trait) have some protective advantage against malaria.
Small amounts of inflation are good for the economy because it encourages investment. If you have a large sum of cash, it's losing value every day (slowly, but it's still happening). If you want to make the most out of your money, you'll recognize that you need to to put into an investment fund of some sort so your stored cash doesn't lose value. Or you'll want to buy something with it, since given more time, the same item will be more expensive. Investments and purchases are needed to keep the economy churning. If deflation is occurring, then it's a good idea for you to sit on your big pile of money Scrooge McDuck style since it's because it's worth more every day. If everyone does this, the economy stagnates.
Welcome to the City of Welcome to the City of New Jersey 
What can I gift my boyfriend for Christmas?
How can I get into the software side of robotics?
- Forget about planting hibiscus in the ground! The ground temperatures drop too low in winter, particularly where long, cold winters are experienced. Plant them in pots, preferably plastic ones, which retain more warmth than terra cotta or cement, and are a lot easier to handle. Don't use too large a pot; nice plants can be grown in 20 cm (8 in) to 30 cm (12 in) pots, and remember you are the one that has to move it around from place to place whenever necessary.
The Picture of Dorian Gray The Picture of Dorian Gray is a philosophical novel by the writer Oscar Wilde, first published complete in the July 1890 issue of Lippincott's Monthly Magazine.The magazine's editor feared the story was indecent, and without Wilde's knowledge, deleted roughly five hundred words before publication.onsequent to the harsh criticism of the magazine edition of the novel, the textual revisions to The Picture of Dorian Gray included a preface in which Wilde addressed the criticisms and defended the reputation of his novel.
How do I cancel a transfer?
Dover, Delaware Dover, Delaware From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Dover, Delaware City City of Dover View of downtown Dover in December 2006Flag Etymology: Dover, Kent in England Nickname (s): Capital of the First State Location of Dover in Kent County, Delaware. Dover Location within the state of Delaware Show map of Delaware Show map of the USShow all Coordinates: 39°09′29″N 75°31′28″WCoordinates: 39°09′29″N 75°31′28″WCountry United States State Delaware County Kent Founded 1683Incorporated 1717Government• Type Council-manager• Mayor Robin R. Christiansen Area [1]• City 23.48 sq mi (60.82 km 2)• Land 23.19 sq mi (60.05 km 2)• Water 0.29 sq mi (0.76 km 2)Elevation 30 ft (9 m)Population ( 2010)• City 36,047• Estimate (2016) [2] 37,786• Density 1,629.62/sq mi (629.20/km 2)• Metro 152,255Time zone EST ( UTC−5)• Summer ( DST) EDT ( UTC−4)ZIP codes 19901–19906Area code (s) 302FIPS code 10-21200GNIS feature ID 217882 [3]Website www .cityofdover .com Dover ( / ˈ d oʊ v ər /) is the capital and second-largest city [4] in the U. S. state of Delaware. It is also the county seat of Kent County, and the principal city of the Dover, DE Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Kent County and is part of the Philadelphia - Wilmington - Camden, PA - NJ -DE- MDCombined Statistical Area. It is located on the St. Jones River in the Delaware River coastal plain. It was named by William Penn of Dover in Kent, England. As of 2010, the city had a population of 36,047. [5]Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology2 History3 Geography3.1 Climate4 Demographics5 Government6 Economy7 Infrastructure7.1 Transportation7.2 Utilities7.3 Health care8 Education9 Culture10 Media11 Sports12 Notable people13 References14 External links Etymology [ edit]First recorded in its Latinised form of Portus Dubris, the name derives from the Brythonic word for waters ( dwfr in Middle Welsh ). The same element is present in the towns French (Douvres) and Modern Welsh (Dofr) forms. History [ edit]Dover was founded as the court town for newly established Kent County in 1683 by William Penn, the proprietor of the territory generally known as the " Lower Counties on the Delaware." Later, in 1717, the city was officially laid out by a special commission of the Delaware General Assembly. The capital of the state of Delaware was moved here from New Castle in 1777 because of its central location and relative safety from British raiders on the Delaware River. Because of an act passed in October 1779, the assembly elected to meet at any place in the state they saw fit, meeting successively in Wilmington, Lewes, Dover, New Castle, and Lewes again, until it finally settled down permanently in Dover in October 1781. [6] The city's central square, known as The Green, was the location of many rallies, troop reviews, and other patriotic events. To this day, The Green remains the heart of Dover's historic district and is the location of the Delaware Supreme Court and the Kent County Courthouse. Dover was most famously the home of Caesar Rodney, the popular wartime leader of Delaware during the American Revolution. He is known to have been buried outside Dover, but the precise location of his grave is unknown. A cenotaph in his honor is erected in the cemetery of the Christ Episcopal Church [7] near The Green in Dover. Dover and Kent County were deeply divided over the issue of slavery, and the city was a "stop" on the Underground Railroad because of its proximity to slave-holding Maryland and free Pennsylvania and New Jersey. It was also home to a large Quaker community that encouraged a sustained emancipation effort in the early 19th century. There were very few slaves in the area, but the institution was supported, if not practiced, by a small majority, who saw to its continuation. The Bradford-Loockerman House, Building 1301, Dover Air Force Base, John Bullen House, Carey Farm Site, Christ Church, Delaware State Museum Buildings, John Dickinson House, Dover Green Historic District, Eden Hill, Delaware Governor's Mansion, Greenwold, Hughes-Willis Site, Loockerm
Francisco de Orellana Orellana's first exploration. Francisco de Orellana Francisco de Orellana (; 1511 – November 1546) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador. He completed the first known navigation of the entire length of the Amazon River, which initially was named "Rio de Orellana." He also founded the city of Guayaquil in what is now Ecuador. Orellana died during a second expedition on the Amazon. Born in Trujillo (various birth dates, ranging from 1490 to 1511, are still quoted by biographers), Orellana was a close friend, and possibly a relative of Francisco Pizarro, the Trujillo-born conquistador of Peru (his cousin, according to some
They are actually completely different creatures - it just so happens that their names are translated to the same word. The Chinese dragon, for example, is said to have the body of a serpent, the head of a lion, the antlers of another mythical creature, and is a spirit of rivers and waterways. The European dragon, on the other hand, is made up of ... well, all kinds of creatures. Bats, and snakes, and so on. It's often associated with poison, or fire, and shadows.
The technical name is formaldehyde. Formaldehyde is toxic because it forms "cross links" aka "adducts" with both proteins and DNA. That is, forming chemical bridges between nearby protein chains , DNA helices, or both. This deactivates these important molecules. So formaldehyde acts to sterilize items. This includes proteins and DNA in microorganisms that might otherwise cause decomposition.  Because formaldehyde is a small, light molecule, it can easily pass through cell membranes in tissues in the body. In the context of it's use as a preservative, the cross links also stabilizes sensitive tissues like brain or liver samples. The cross links change the consistency of the tissue to be preserved, making it firmer. In small amounts, these cross links can be reversed by specialized enzymes in the body. Indeed, small amounts of formaldehyde are produced by a number of chemical processes in the body. For example, the breakdown of alcohol.
You should probably mention what kind of snake you saw. Many non-venomous snakes are constrictors, they've squeezed the prey so it's either dead or unconscious by being unable to breath.  If someone covered your face and mouth or squeezed down on your chest, you might be able to struggle for about 30-60 seconds before passing out.
Why did my top-up fail?
- The pancreatic duct empties into the duodenum at the duodenal. papilla, alongside the common bile duct (Figure 4). Figure 4. Normal anatomy. The duct of Wirsung is the main pancreatic duct extending from the tail of the organ to the major duodenal papilla, or ampulla of Vater. The widest part of the duct is in. the head of the pancreas (4 mm), tapering to 2 mm at the tail in adults. The duct of Wirsung is close, and almost parallel, to the distal common bile duct before. combining to form a common duct channel prior to approaching the duodenum.
The Versailles Treaty Humanities ›History & Culture The Versailles Treaty The Treaty That Ended WWI and Partly Responsible for Starting WWIIShare Flipboard Email Print British Prime Minister David Lloyd George (left), French Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau (center), and American President Woodrow Wilson (right) on their way to the Versailles Peace Conference. (Photo by Hulton Archive/Getty Images)by Jennifer Rosenberg Updated January 23, 2018The Versailles Treaty, signed on June 28, 1919 in the Hall of Mirrors in the Palace of Versailles in Paris, was the peace settlement between Germany and the Allied Powers that officially ended World War I. However, the conditions in the treaty were so punitive upon Germany that many believe the Versailles Treaty laid the groundwork for the eventual rise of Nazis in Germany and the eruption of World War II. Debated at the Paris Peace Conference On January 18, 1919—just over two months after the fighting in World War I's Western Front ended—the Paris Peace Conference opened, beginning the five months of debates and discussions that surrounded the drawing up of the Versailles Treaty. Although many diplomats from the Allied Powers participated, the "big three" (Prime Minister David Lloyd George of the United Kingdom, Prime Minister Georges Clemenceau of France, and President Woodrow Wilson of the United States) were the most influential. Germany was not invited. On May 7, 1919, the Versailles Treaty was handed over to Germany, who was told they had only three weeks in which to accept the Treaty. Considering that in many ways the Versailles Treaty was meant to punish Germany, Germany, of course, found much fault with the Versailles Treaty. Germany did send back a list of complaints about the Treaty; however, the Allied Powers ignored most of them. The Versailles Treaty: A Very Long Document The Versailles Treaty itself is a very long and extensive document, made up of 440 Articles (plus Annexes), which have been divided into 15 parts. The first part of the Versailles Treaty established the League of Nations. Other parts included the terms of military limitations, prisoners of war, finances, access to ports and waterways, and reparations. Versailles Treaty Terms Spark Controversy The most controversial aspect of the Versailles Treaty was that Germany was to take full responsibility for the damage caused during World War I (known as the "war guilt" clause, Article 231). This clause specifically stated: The Allied and Associated Governments affirm and Germany accepts the responsibility of Germany and her allies for causing all the loss and damage to which the Allied and Associated Governments and their nationals have been subjected as a consequence of the war imposed upon them by the aggression of Germany and her allies. Other controversial sections included the major land concessions forced upon Germany (including the loss of all her colonies), the limitation of the German army to 100,000 men, and the extremely large sum in reparations Germany was to pay to the Allied Powers. Also enraging was Article 227 in Part VII, which stated the Allies intention of charging German Emperor Wilhelm II with "supreme offence against international morality and the sanctity of treaties." Wilhelm II was to be tried in front of a tribunal made up of five judges. The terms of the Versailles Treaty were so seemingly hostile to Germany that German Chancellor Philipp Scheidemann resigned rather than sign it. However, Germany realized they had to sign it for they had no military power left to resist. Versailles Treaty Signed On June 28, 1919, exactly five years after the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, Germany's representatives Hermann Müller and Johannes Bell signed the Versailles Treaty in the Hall of Mirrors in the Palace of Versailles near Paris, France.cite 
Critique: Modified template for a greeting card service
What is NECESSARIES? What is NECESSARIES? Things indispensable, or things proper and useful, for the sustenance of human life. This is a relative term, and its meaning will contract or expand according to the situation and social condition of the person referred to. Megraw v. Woods, 93 Mo. App. 047, 67 S. W. 709; Warner v. Ileiden, 28 Wis. 517, 9 Am. Bep. 515; Artz v. Robertson, 50 111. App. 27; Conant v. Burn- ham, 133 Mass. 505, 43 Am. Bep. 532. In reference to the contracts of infants, this term is not used in its strictest sense, nor limited to that which is required to sus- tain life. Those things which are proper and suitable to each individual, according to his circumstances and condition in life, are necessaries, if not supplied from some other source. See Hamilton v. Lane, 138 Mass. 300; Jordnu v. Collield, 70 N. C. 113; Middle- bury College v. Chandler, 10 Vt. 0S5, 42 Am. Dec. 537; Breed v. Judd, 1 Gray (Mass.) 458. In the case of ships the term “necessaries” means such things as are fit and proper for the service in which the ship is engaged, and such as the owner, being a prudent man, would have ordered if present; e. g., anchors, rigging, repairs, victuals. Maude & P. Shipp. 71, 113. The master may hypothecate the ship for necessaries supplied abroad so as to bind the owner. Sweet. See The Plymouth Rock, 19 Fed. Cas. 898; Hubbard v. Roach (C. C.) 2 Fed. 394; The Gustavia, 11 Fed. Cas. 120. Necessarium est quod non potest aliter ?e habere. That is necessary which cannot be otherwise More On This Topic International Business Law What’s the difference between the insanity plea and incompetency? What Is Common Law? Auto Insurance Definitions Domestic Violence Laws Eleven Types of Legal Motions in U. S. Law Res Ipsa: When Things Speak For Themselves Law Enforcement & Protection Grandparent Rights: Everything You Need To Know Three Conditions Required For Respondeat Superior Related Legal Terms ENDOWMENT INSURANCE, RECEIVING, SOUND, adj, JUS DELIBERANDI, SYNONYMS DISTINGUISHED, INTOXICATION, CANTIO MUCIANA, MANAGE, BLACK-BOX ACCOUNTING, ENDOWMENT INSURANCE WITH PROFITSLink to This Definition Did you find this definition of NECESSARIES helpful? You can share it by copying the code below and adding it to your blog or web page.<a href="https://thelawdictionary.org/necessaries/" title="NECESSARIES">NECESSARIES</a>Written and fact checked by The Law Dictionary0 WRIT OF ERROR POUND 
How often does it happen that at the Layer 2 (MAC) an error goes undetected?
Donkey Kong 64 From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Donkey Kong 64North American box art Developer (s) Rare Publisher (s) Nintendo Director (s) George Andreas Producer (s) Shigeru Miyamoto Programmer (s) Chris Sutherland [1]Artist (s) Mark Stevenson Composer (s) Grant Kirkhope Series Donkey Kong Platform (s) Nintendo 64Release NA: November 22, 1999 [3]EU: December 3, 1999 [2]Genre (s) Platformer, adventure Mode (s) Single-player, multiplayer Donkey Kong 64 is a 1999 adventure platform video game for the Nintendo 64 console, and the first in the Donkey Kong series to feature 3D gameplay. As the gorilla Donkey Kong, the player explores the themed levels of an island to collect items and rescue his kidnapped friends from K. Rool. The player completes minigames and puzzles as five playable Kong characters—each with its own special abilities—to receive bananas and other collectibles. In a separate multiplayer mode, up to four players can compete in deathmatch and last man standing games. Rare, who had previously developed the Donkey Kong Country games, began development on the 3D Donkey Kong in 1997. A 16-person team, with many members recruited from Rare's Banjo group, finished the game in 1999, when it was published by Nintendo for North America in November and worldwide by December. It was the first game to require the Nintendo 64 console's Expansion Pak, an accessory that added memory resources. The game had an exceptionally large marketing budget that included advertisements, sweepstakes, and a national tour. The game received universal acclaim from reviewers and was Nintendo's top seller during the 1999 holiday season, with 2.3 million units sold by 2004. It won the 1999 E3 Game Critics award for Best Platform Game, and multiple awards and nominations from games magazines. Reviewers noted the game's exceptional size and length, but criticized its emphasis on item collection and backtracking. Some cited its similarity in gameplay and visuals to Rare's 1998 predecessor, Banjo-Kazooie, despite Donkey Kong 64 's mandatory memory add-on. The game's camera controls also frustrated reviewers. Critics felt that the game did not meet the revolutionary potential of Donkey Kong Country, but remained among the best 3D platform games on the console. Donkey Kong 64 is remembered as the emblematic example of Rare's "collect-a-thon" adventure platformers for the tedium of its collection tasks. A rap song from the game's introductory sequence—the DK Rap—is often cited among the worst songs to feature in a video game. [4] The title was later released on Nintendo's Wii U Virtual Console in 2015. Contents [ hide ]1 Gameplay2 Development3 Reception4 Legacy5 Notes and references6 External links Gameplay [ edit]Donkey Kong, the player-controlled character, runs towards an enemy in the game's jungle-themed world Donkey Kong 64 is a 3D platforming adventure game in which the player, as Donkey Kong and his friends, explores an island and collects items to progress through minigames and puzzles. [5] [6] The game follows a traditional storyline for the series: King K. Rool and his reptilian Kremlings invade Donkey Kong's idyllic island and kidnap his friends. [5] [7] After a tutorial, the player embarks as Donkey Kong to rescue them from the kidnappers. [6] While exploring the in-game world and completing puzzle minigames, the player collects bananas; enough of these will grant the player access to boss fights, which, in turn, unlock new in-game worlds. Most of the game's puzzles are simple, and involve rearranging items, manipulating switches and tiles, or matching items as in the game Concentration. Minigames include races, minecart rides, and barrels that shoot the characters as projectiles. There are five such banana-rewarding objectives for each of five playable characters across eight themed worlds—200 goals in total, in addition to a connecting overworld. [6] [8] Unlike in prior Donkey Kong games, the objectives can be completed in any order. [9] [7] The player can fast travel between sections of the level with designated 
Continents are just passengers on top of the plates. A single continent can be riding on top of several plates (which is why Baja/California are slowly sliding nirthwards gollowing the San Andreas fault). The plates move, the continents or portions of continents are just along for the ride.
It's an [extremely short process](_URL_3_), astronomically speaking. Fusing silicon into iron lasts about a day.
Rhythm Strips Interpretation: A Step-by-Step Approach The duration of the QT-interval varies dependent upon how fast the heart is beating, but in normal healthy people, when the heart is beating 60 beats per minute, it is between 350 and 440 milliseconds.
re: Plural For Feedback?page 2 re: Plural For Feedback?page 2Forums Grammar & Sentence Structure33 167,635+ 0hi folks, What is the plural of the word 'Feedback' as in "Reviewing all feedback/feedbacks" which is right - feedback or feedbacks regards kalpana mail me at: (Email removed)19th February 2004Guest1 2 3 4Comments (Page 2)Hi guys, Google gives these results: a feedback - 8,050,000 hits. I didn't look at all of these (ha-ha). Some are adjectival, like 'a feedback control system'. feedbacks - 9,760,000 hits. (You'd think it would be 'feed s back', wouldn't you?) two feedbacks - 808 hits. Feedback is also an audio/visual term. three feedbacks - 1960 hits. Whatever is the world coming to? Best wishes, Clive23rd July 2006Clive There seems to be support for it within certain scientific circles - biology in particular. Perphas in electronics as well. However, for the everyday meaning of "response, recommendation, input, advice, etc." - I shudder at the thought.23rd July 2006Barbara PAStudents: We have free audio pronunciation exercises. I've never heard the word "feedbacks" spoken. I've only ever read it on the Internet. The people writing it tend to be non-native English speakers. Since most countries learn English the Brit way, it would be hard for me to say it is an "American habit". Perhaps it is just that the Internet is allowing the language to change much more quickly, and influence is being felt from outside of English-speaking countries.28th May 2008anonymous I was looking for some advice online on the use of the word feedback as a verb as opposed to a noun and came across this forum. Is this usage correct: "I will feedback to you once I receive the results." Is it proper to use the word feedback as a verb? If it is, then what would be its past tense? Fedback? That sounds a little awkward to me, but it could be because I have never heard anyone use it in that sense.29th December 2008anonymous Anonymous I was looking for some advice online on the use of the word feedback as a verb as opposed to a noun and came across this forum. Is this usage correct: "I will feedback to you once I receive the results." Is it proper to use the word feedback as a verb? If it is, then what would be its past tense? Fedback? That sounds a little awkward to me, but it could be because I have never heard anyone use it in that sense. I can't say I've ever heard it used that way. Language evolves, of course, and it's possible that "I'll feedback you" or "I feedbacked him" will emerge at some point in the future, but for now, use "I'll give you feedback once..." (or "I gave him feedback after I ..."). It's even possible this is being used that way now in other dialects of English, but it's not currently in American Business English.29th December 2008Barbara PAStudents: Are you brave enough to let our tutors analyse your pronunciation? Feewdback is a non-count noun, which does not have a plural. (E.g., "I have collected all the feedback" <<and not feedbacks>>) Other examples: Mail, jewelry, equipment, advice, corn, dirt, dust, flour, hair, pepper, rice, salt, sugar, wheat, etc are all noncount nouns.7th May 2009anonymous Hi... I think using "feedbacks" is not correct..... "Reviewing the feedback" should be proper, even if you are reviewing more than one feedback... Rohit30th November 2009anonymous Hi. I think the question I am about to ask is related to the topic in discussion and that is why I am asking this: As for the word "individuality," could we have the plural "individualities" for that word? I think the word "individuality" is uncountable.30th November 2009anonymous Try out our live chat room. Hi, Seems uncountable to me. Not easy to think of a context in which you'd want to use it 'in the plural'. Clive30th November 2009Clive Show more Answer this Question 
Well, in Sweden in the 17th century they recomended beer when someone drank to much booze. And considering that everybody started their day with a steady shot of vodka (followed by many more during the day), I can only imagine that you had to been really down and out to reach the point when you where considered an alcoholic.
- Established in 2007. Affinity Translation is a prominent language services company providing authoritative translation services (of written material and digital content) between the language pairs of English and most of the world's other prominently spoken languages. Affinity Translation translators are native speaking in their respective target languages.
Chicago White Sox The Chicago White Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago , Illinois . The White Sox compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) Central division . The White Sox play their home games at Guaranteed Rate Field , located on the city 's South Side . They are one of two major league clubs in Chicago ; the other is the Chicago Cubs , who are a member of the National League ( NL ) Central division . The team is currently owned by Jerry Reinsdorf .   One of the American League 's eight charter franchises , the Chicago team was established as a major league baseball club in . The club was originally called the Chicago White Stockings , but this was soon shortened to Chicago White Sox . The team played home games at South Side Park before , in , moving to Comiskey Park for the next eight decades .   The White Sox won the 1906 World Series with a defense-oriented team dubbed `` the Hitless Wonders '' , and the 1917 World Series led by Eddie Cicotte , Eddie Collins , and Shoeless Joe Jackson . The 1919 World Series was marred by the Black Sox Scandal , in which several members of the White Sox were accused of conspiring with gamblers to fix games . In response , Major League Baseball 's new Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis banned the players from Major League Baseball for life . In 1959 , led by Early Wynn , Nellie Fox , Luis Aparicio and manager Al Lopez , the White Sox won the American League pennant . They won the AL pennant in 2005 , and went on to win the World Series .
Inca road system Part of the road network was built by cultures that precede the Inca Empire, notably the Wari culture. During the Spanish colonial era, parts of the road system were given the status of Camino Real. In 2014 the road system became a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
What is the biggest book store in the US? I live right by Powell's, it's the size of a city block and it's like walking through heaven. 

Is there a bigger book store somewhere? (If so I want to visit).
ASkscience is about empirical answers and proven science, this question is pure speculation based on a very large number of variables. I don't think a good answer could be found
SUCCESS RATES never mattered more SUCCESS RATES never mattered more What sets us apart from other fertility clinics? Some reasons we are so successful: We give personalized attention to every patient, not possible in "super-sized" clinics Tight quality control gives us consistently higher IVF success rates - so our patients are more likely to have babies See more details on SART website Advanced Fertility Center of Chicago Home Clomid pcos treatment Menu▼PCOS and Clomid Fertility Treatment and Pregnancy PCOS and ovulation problems and Clomid treatment Clomid (clomiphene citrate or Serophene) is an oral medication that is commonly used for the treatment of infertility. It is often given to try to induce ovulation in women that do not develop and release an egg (ovulate) on their own Women who do not ovulate (without drugs) are said to have a condition called anovulation The most common cause of anovulation is polycystic ovarian syndrome, PCOSThis page is about Clomid treatment for women with polycystic ovarian syndrome, or with irregular menstrual cycles Clomid for women with regular periods is discussed elsewhere Related Pages Polycystic ovarian syndrome, PCOSClomid treatment - general PCOS treatment options Injectables for PCOS treatment Intrauterine insemination IUI success rates Clomid and metformin for PCOSFemara (Letrozole) for PCOS treatment IVF treatment for PCOSIVF success rates IVF pricing plans / guarantees Ultrasound picture of a polycystic ovary Many small, immature follicles (black circles) are seen Normal ovary with a mature follicle (at cursors) 18mm diameter follicle is about ready for ovulation PCOS and Clomid Treatment - Ovulation and Pregnancy Success Rates Can I conceive with PCOS? The chance for pregnancy with fertility treatments for PCOS is very good. The great majority of women with polycystic ovarian syndrome will be able to have a baby with treatment. For women under age 35, the question is more about which PCOS treatment will work - and not so much about whether any treatment will work. Ovulation Success Rates Women with PCOS will often ovulate after taking Clomid. However, this is variable and some will not respond to Clomid at all. About three fourths of women that are not ovulating will ovulate on Clomid at some dosing level Women under 35 with PCOS should have about a 15% chance for pregnancy per month with Clomid treatment (for about 3-4 months) - if they ovulate with Clomid (if sperm and fallopian tubes are normal). Clomid for PCOS - Pregnancy Success Rates Only about 50% of women that ovulate with Clomid get pregnant with it For women with PCOS under age 35 in our in vitro fertilization program the success rate is about 70% for pregnancy with one IVF cycle, and about 60% for live birth (miscarriages account for the different rates). See our IVF Success Rate Statistics Clomiphene Citrate Use and PCOSWhat is the process for taking Clomid? Establishing "Day One" of the Menstrual Period Day one is counted as the first day of menstrual bleeding The period can be from a spontaneous menstrual period or from a period induced with a progestin medication such as Provera (medroxyprogesterone acetate)Inducing a Period (if needed)In order to induce a period, Provera is given for 5 to 10 days at a dose of 5 or 10mg daily The period usually starts within 2-7 days after the last Provera pill is taken Starting Clomid Clomid is started early in the menstrual cycle and is taken for five days either from cycle days 3 through 7, or from day 5 through 9Clomid is usually started at a dose of one tablet (50mg) daily - taken any time of day Increasing Clomid Dosage (if needed)If the patient does not ovulate on the starting dose, Provera is often given to induce a period - then a 100mg dose of Clomid is tried If she does not ovulate on a 100 mg dose, then 150mg is sometimes tried Clomid Dosing Recommendations Clomid works best when the lowest dose that results in ovulation is used If a woman ovulates on 50mg then increasing to 100mg is probably of no benefit - and may result in increased side effects Many women w
LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors LRV Contrast Ratios? Here’s an app for that – Info Page here What is LRV? What is Light Reflectance Value? Understanding LRV is crucial when choosing color for the built environment, interior and exterior. Lori Sawaya, Color Strategist Albert R. Sawaya II, EE, MBA • Metrology Expert©2005 all rights reserved – LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors – please quote with appropriate link and attribution ABSTRACT©2005 all rights reserved – LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors – please quote with appropriate link and attribution LRV – You may have noticed these three letters on manufacturer’s color specifications, on the back of paint swatches or noticed an entire column dedicated on precious few square inches of space available in the index of paint fandecks. What do those letters stand for? What does the LRV number mean and how is it used? It is rather simple. Paying attention to a color’s LRV can prevent poor color/paint color selections by helping you determine and evaluate certain color characteristics. Keywords: LRV, Light Reflectance Value, brightness, lightness, visual ergonomics INTRODUCTION©2005 all rights reserved – LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors – please quote with appropriate link and attribution LRV is the acronym for Light Reflectance Value. As mentioned, LRV is on the back of most color swatches and in the index of all major brands’ fandecks. Value is often confused with the term intensity. Intensity is about vividness or dullness – is the color clear or muted. Value is an important term used in color and it speaks strictly to the lightness or darkness of a color. What is LRV Light Reflectance Value? Light Reflectance Value (LRV) is the total quantity of visible and useable light reflected by a surface in all directions and at all wavelengths when illuminated by a light source. (ref. British Standard BS 8300:2001/A1:2005)©2005 all rights reserved – LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors – please quote with appropriate link and attribution LRV is a measurement that tells you how much light a color reflects, and conversely how much it absorbs. LRV runs on a scale from 0% to 100%. Zero assumed to be an absolute black and 100% being an assumed perfectly reflective white. An absolute black or perfectly reflecting white does not exist in our everyday terms. Approximately speaking, the average blackest black has an LRV of 5% and the whitest white 85%. Some yellows can measure up into the 80’s or 90’s as well. METHODS/PROCEDURESHow do color pros use LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors?©2005 all rights reserved – LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors – please quote with appropriate link and attribution Color consultants, architects, and designers use LRV data in several stages of color planning. Many examples can be found in the workplace. Careful planning for proper visual ergonomics is paramount in color design. From individual work surfaces to the outside walkways, ramps, hand-railings and everything in between. From a sustainability point of view, a wall color with a higher LRV supports lighting plans by helping to propagate daylight deep into the space. Thereby reducing the standard number of lighting fixtures required to enable employees to efficiently and safely perform their tasks. Find the perfect paint color – How can homeowners use LRV Light Reflectance Value of Paint Colors? Most important for the do-it-yourselfer is to refer to color specifications for exterior products. For example, vinyl siding. Painting vinyl siding with a color that has too low of an LRV, that absorbs too much light and energy and thus retains too much heat, could result in warped siding. Some paint manufacturers have developed special formulations for painting heat-sensitive exterior surfaces. They offer diverse color choices. However, if you do not use one of those specially formulated products, you are limited to a paint color that is within the same LRV range as the original color. Else you risk warping and voiding any warranties. Interior Color:
Stephanie Parenting / Baby Names / S / Girl / Stephanie Stephanie The name Stephanie is a baby girl name. Meaning French Meaning: The name Stephanie is a French baby name. In French the meaning of the name Stephanie is: Crowned in victory. American Meaning: The name Stephanie is an American baby name. In American the meaning of the name Stephanie is: Crowned in victory. Greek Meaning: The name Stephanie is a Greek baby name. In Greek the meaning of the name Stephanie is: Crown; victorious. Numerology Soul Urge Number: 2People with this name have a deep inner desire for love and companionship, and want to work with others to achieve peace and harmony. Expression Number: 7People with this name are excellent at analyzing, understanding, and learning. They tend to be mystics, philosophers, scholars, and teachers. Because they live so much in the mind, they tend to be quiet and introspective, and are usually introverts. When presented with issues, they will see the larger picture. Their solitary thoughtfulness and analysis of people and world events may make them seem aloof, and sometimes even melancholy. 
very simple, Air is a horrible transfer medium for energy, Water is a good tranfter medium for energy.  It takes longer for the energy in the air to flow to the ice cube then the energy in the water to flow in the ice cube, When when there is steam in the air, its still maybe 50% humidity compared to 100% humidity in water.  TL;DR energy flows better through water then air.
Form 8879-IRS Efile Signature Authorization The ERO EFIN/PIN is the electronic signature used on Form 8879 . For consistency, each ERO is encouraged to use the same 11 numbers for their PIN on all returns for this filing season. The first 6 numbers of your ERO PIN must by your EFIN and it must match the EFIN in the Submission ID. You may select any five (5) digits, except all zeros, for the next five positions. To have your ERO PIN automatically generate on Form 8879, from the Main Menu of Tax Slayer Pro select: Configuration Firm/ERO/Preparer Setup Preparer (s) Menu Double-Click on the Preparer Enter your self selected PIN on Preparer Practitioner PIN line NOTE: Do not send Form 8879 to the IRS unless requested to do so. You will need to retain the completed Form 8879 for three (3) years from the return due date or IRS received date, whichever is later. To print Form 8879, from the Main Menu of the Tax Return (Form 1040) select: Mark Return Electronic Signature Authorization: 8879Print Form 8879 (IRS E-File Signature Authorization)ORFrom the Main Menu of the Tax Return (Form 1040) select: View Results Form 8879File Print 
How Often Should You Feed a Gray Rat Snake? How Often Should You Feed a Gray Rat Snake? By Ben Team Grey rat snakes (Pantherophis spiloides) are handsome, medium-sized snakes that thrive in captivity and make rewarding pets. Though hatchlings can sometimes present challenges, once they start eating, rat snakes are very easy to feed. Wild rat snakes consume birds, eggs, rodents and lizards, but captive grey rat snakes should be fed frozen-thawed rodents on a regular schedule. Hatchlings and Juveniles In their natural habitat, young grey rat snakes prey on lizards and frogs. This is not recommended for captive snakes, as feeder frogs and lizards are often highly parasitized, and can make your snake sick. Feeding a rat snake a frozen-thawed rodent may require transferring the scent of a lizard or frog to the rodent being offered. Over time, scenting the rodents won't be necessary, and your snake will learn to accept unscented rodents. Hatchlings and juveniles should be fed one rodent every four to five days. Young snakes aren't as capable of handling large prey as adults are, so provide your snake with a mouse fuzzy or small mouse hopper equal to, or only slightly larger than, your snake's mid-body diameter. Adult Snakes Rat snakes shift from eating lizards and frogs while young to eating birds and rodents as they mature. Adult rat snakes should be fed larger items, less frequently than young snakes. A schedule of one meal every seven to ten days will keep your adult rat snake healthy. Care should be exercised when feeding adults; captive snakes eat more and exercise less than their wild counterparts, and as such, are prone to obesity. This is especially true of adult males and non-breeding females, either of which may consume more food than is necessary. Feeding During Breeding Cycles The dietary habits of snakes often change when they enter a breeding cycle. Adult male snakes frequently refuse food leading up to, or during, the breeding season. This trend can be exacerbated if the male can smell other rat snakes in the room. Adult females that are slated for breeding should have good body weight and be in excellent health. Many breeders increase the feeding frequency of female rat snakes prior to allowing them to breed. Feeding and Winter Dormancy Rat snakes in the wild undergo seasonal dormancy during the winter. Pet owners should maintain reasonably constant temperatures all year, and if this is done, many grey rat snakes will continue to remain active and eat. If, however, your snake begins refusing food in the fall, it is not cause for concern. This is a natural behavior, and as long as your snake is healthy, it should resume feeding in the spring. Consult your veterinarian and consider reducing the cage temperatures slightly if your snake shows signs of dormancy. References (5)Cite this Article See More Animals What Happens When Two Snakes Grab the Same Rat? What to Feed a Sand Boa When You Don't Have Mice? How to Tell When My Male & Female Bull Snakes Reach Maturity Related Posts What Happens When a Snake Doesn't Digest Food? How Fast Do Black Rat Snakes Grow? Boa Constrictor Growth How Long Does It Take to Hatch Corn Snakes? How to Breed Rats for Snake Food Popular Posts How to Get a Picky Python to Eat Frozen Mice Boa Constrictor Feeding Guide Eating Habits of the Milk Snake The Dangers of Feeding Live Prey to Snakes How to Tell if Corn Snakes Are Male or Female Editor's Picks Difference of Eating Habits Between Captive & Wild Snakes How to Tell the Age of a Bull Snake Do Snakes Need Vitamins? A Drooling Boa Constrictor Rhino Rat Snake Care 
Digital on-screen graphic Digital on-screen graphic A digital on-screen graphic (originally known as digitally originated graphic, and known in the UK and New Zealand by the acronym DOG; in the US, Canada, Ireland and Australia as a bug or network bug) is a watermark-like station logo that most television broadcasters overlay over a portion of the screen area of their programs to identify the channel. They are thus a form of permanent visual station identification, increasing brand recognition and asserting ownership of the video signal. In some cases, the graphic also shows the name of the current program. Some television networks use an
Billy Eichner Billy Eichner ( born September 18 , 1978 ) is an American comedian , actor , writer , and television personality . He is the star , executive producer and creator of Funny Or Die 's Billy on the Street , a comedy game show that airs on truTV . Eichner was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for `` Outstanding Game Show Host '' in 2013 . He is also known for playing Craig Middlebrooks on the sitcom Parks and Recreation .   Eichner currently stars in the Hulu original series Difficult People alongside Julie Klausner .

 Indonesia: The Olympic flame reached Jakarta on April 22. The original 20 km relay through Jakarta was cancelled due to "security worries", at the request of the Chinese embassy, and the torch was instead carried round the city main's stadium, as it had been in Islamabad. Several dozen pro-Tibet protesters gathered near the stadium, and were dispersed by the police. The event was held in the streets around the city main's stadium. The cancelling of the relay through the city itself was decided due to security concerns and at the request of the Chinese embassy. Only invitees and journalists were admitted inside the stadium. Protests took place outside the stadium.
World Diabetes Day World Diabetes Day World Diabetes Day is the primary global awareness campaign focusing on diabetes mellitus and is held on 14 November each year. Led by the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), each World Diabetes Day focuses on a theme related to diabetes; type-2 diabetes is largely preventable and treatable non-communicable disease that is rapidly increasing in numbers worldwide. Type 1 Diabetes is not preventable but can be managed with insulin injections. Topics covered have included diabetes and human rights, diabetes and lifestyle, diabetes and obesity, diabetes in the disadvantaged and the vulnerable, and diabetes in children and adolescents. While the
Without getting too technical, the short version is: When you are sad, your body released hormones(ACTH and Leu-enkephalin) through tears that can help you feel better(reduce stress and painkillers).
I tried to listen to him several times over the years and just couldn't, didn't understand the big deal with him.
> it's said that we're not really touching anything While you can find this claim often, it is highly misleading and needs a very weird definition of "actually touching". For all reasonable definitions, we do touch things. The electron clouds that make up most of the volume of atoms even overlap a bit. You are more than just touching an object, you are entering it a tiny bit!
Southernmost point buoy Southernmost point buoy The Southernmost Point Buoy is an anchored concrete buoy in Key West, Florida, marking the southernmost point in the continental United States, the lowest latitude land of contiguous North American States. It is 18 feet above sea level. The large painted buoy was established as a tourist attraction in 1983 by the city at the corner of South Street and Whitehead Street. Today it is one of the most visited and photographed attractions in the United States. The southernmost point was originally marked with a small sign, before the City of Key West erected the now famous
The Ladder (magazine) The Ladder was the first nationally distributed lesbian publication in the United States. It was published monthly from 1956 to 1970, and once every other month in 1971 and 1972. It was the primary publication and method of communication for the Daughters of Bilitis, the first lesbian organization in the US. It was supported by ONE, Inc. and the Mattachine Society, with whom the DOB retained friendly relations. The name of the magazine was derived from the artwork on its first cover, simple line drawings showing figures moving towards a ladder that disappeared into the clouds.
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
What Is A Caliphate? ISIS Declaration Raises Questions ISIS Declaration Raises Questions. The militant group Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), has declared that it is restoring the Islamic Caliphate, renaming itself as simply the Islamic State (IS) and naming leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi as Caliph.
FAQ: Does my freezer really need to be kept at 0Âº? Refrigerators should be kept between 35 and 38 degrees, and freezers at 0 degrees Fahrenheit.” Sounds pretty simple right? I got to say I wish I could find the article I was reading a few weeks back, but it took a look at the possibility of changing the recommended temperatures, especially for freezers.
This Amazon customer review text does not contain any counterfactual statements.
. Can pregnant women eat crab or lobster? Pregnant women can eat shellfish as long as it is cooked. They should not eat the organs or guts of fish or shellfish. Pregnant women may eat up to 12 ounces a week of crawfish, squid , oysters, clams , shrimp, or scallops. Because some samples of lobster and crab may have much higher levels of mercury than average, pregnant should limit crab and lobster to about 6 ounces per week. The amount of mercury found in shellfish is generally much lower than is found in other seafood. The table below shows the average amount of mercury found in samples of shellfish along with the lowest and highest amounts found in samples of each shellfish. SPECIES MEAN (PPM) RANGE (PPM)Lobster Northern (Species unknown) 0.166 ND - 0.451Lobster (Northern/American) 0.107 ND-0.230Crab (Blue, King, and Snow) 0.065 ND - 0.610Crawfish 0.033 ND - 0.051Squid 0.023 ND - 0.070Oysters 0.012 ND - 0.250Clams 0.009 ND - 0.028Shrimp 0.009 ND - 0.050Scallop 0.003 ND - 0.033PPM=parts per million ND=Not detectable - mercury concentration below detection level (Level of Detection (LOD)=0.01ppm)SEE Al SO FISH AND SEAFOOD DURING PREGNANCYHAVE A QUESTION? EMAIL US AT: webmaster@obfocus.com REFERENCES1. Mercury Levels in Commercial Fish and Shellfish (1990-2010) U. S. Food and Drug Administration Accessed:1/2//13 2. http://www.fda.gov/Food/Food Safety/Product-Specific Information/Seafood/Foodborne Pathogens Contaminants/Methylmercury/ucm115662.htm 
This comment is not toxic.
How to Cook With an Hibachi Barbecue How to Cook With an Hibachi Barbecueby A. J. Andrews; Updated November 22, 2017How to Cook With an Hibachi Barbecue Related Articles1 How to Cook on an Electric Rotisserie2 How to Grill With Hickory Chips3 How to Use Camp Chef Smoke Vault4 How to Light a Hibachi Grill You can cook almost all the foods you cook on a regular barbecue on a hibachi, as long as you make the most of its limited capacity. Hibachi barbecues have small surface areas, and they work best for the quick-cooking foods you usually find in hibachi restaurants, such as thinly sliced meat and chopped vegetables. You can make accommodations for slow-cooking items, like thick steaks and whole chicken breasts, using the rack system that most hibachis come with or by utilizing the perimeter of the cooking grate. Like regular barbecues, use grill skewers when cooking sliced and chopped foods on a hibachi. Step 1Set the hibachi grill outside on a stable, flat, heat-proof surface. Use common sense when choosing a location. Just like a regular grill, don't place it near anything flammable, such as drooping tree limbs with dry leaves, overgrown weeds, brush piles, firewood, kindling, haystacks, tumbleweed or any other potential fire hazard in your backyard. Step 2Light about half of a charcoal chimney starter full of natural, lump charcoal. Remove the cooking grate and empty the charcoal in the hibachi's charcoal tray when you see a red glow in the center of the chimney starter and the top coals just start to ashen. Replace the grill grate. Step 3Adjust the grill grate's height, if applicable. Most hibachi grills have two wooden handles you pull out to release the cooking grate, then use to lift the grate to a second and third position above the coals. Use the lowest position for cooking thin steaks, chicken breast halves and skewered meat and vegetables, and the second position for steaks up to 1-inch thick, whole chicken breasts and delicate foods that burn easily, such as fish and seafood. Use the third or highest position for cooking steaks thicker than 1 inch and for keeping cooked food warm. If your hibachi doesn't have a rack system to raise the cooking grate, place delicate and longer-cooking items, such as thick steaks and fish filets, around the perimeter of the cooking grate, and place quicker-cooking items, such as thin steaks, chicken breast halves and vegetables, toward the center of the grate. You can also push the coals to one side of the grill and cook thick steaks on the other side. Step 4Move the food to the center of the grate or lower the rack to the lowest position to sear food and add some char to it after it finishes cooking. Step 5Let the coals extinguish on their own after you finish cooking, then transfer them to a metal bin used only for charcoal. Charcoal stays hot for about 24 hours after the fire extinguishes, so don't place it in a regular trash can or near anything that can ignite. Step 6Clean the cooking grate with a wire brush and tap it a few times to shake off the char and ash. Empty the ash in the metal coal bin. Tips If you have a folding-style hibachi grill, follow the manufacturer's instructions for setup. References The Kitchn: Solo Grilling With a Tiny Grill About the Author A. J. Andrews' work has appeared in Food and Wine, Fricote and "BBC Good Food." He lives in Europe where he bakes with wild yeast, milks goats for cheese and prepares for the Court of Master Sommeliers level II exam. Andrews received formal training at Le Cordon Bleu. Related Articles How to Cook on an Electric Rotisserie How to Grill With Hickory Chips How to Use Camp Chef Smoke Vault How to Light a Hibachi Grill How to Cook With a Brinkmann Barrel Smoker How to Clean Inside a Propane Grill How to Use an Offset Smoker Grill How to Use a Weber Gas Grill: First Time Cleaning 
downgrade to custom previous android os version [gt-i9190] I have just got a new galaxy s4 mini phone and it sounds a fake galaxy phone due to bad specfications :
internal storage :0.13 gb and ram is 453 mb only
os :4.4.2 kikat and kernel version :3.4.5(eng.whl.1406695459)
hardware:mt6572 and board mtk5689_wet_lca
I believe if I can flash it with older version of android it may work smoother is that right ? and if so how to do ?please help
WSET Level 2 Exam
Somali scholars have for centuries produced many notable examples of Islamic literature ranging from poetry to Hadith. With the adoption of the Latin alphabet in 1972 to transcribe the Somali language, numerous contemporary Somali authors have also released novels, some of which have gone on to receive worldwide acclaim. Of these modern writers, Nuruddin Farah is probably the most celebrated. Books such as From a Crooked Rib and Links are considered important literary achievements, works which have earned Farah, among other accolades, the 1998 Neustadt International Prize for Literature. Farah Mohamed Jama Awl is another prominent Somali writer who is perhaps best known for his Dervish era novel, Ignorance is the enemy of love. Young upstart Nadifa Mohamed was also awarded the 2010 Betty Trask Prize. Additionally, Mohamed Ibrahim Warsame 'Hadrawi' is considered by many to be the greatest living Somali poet, and several of his works have been translated internationally.
Kelly Keagy Kelly Keagy (born September 15, 1952) is an American drummer and vocalist, best known for his work with Night Ranger. Keagy sang lead vocals on several of their hits, such as "Sister Christian", "Sing Me Away", and "Sentimental Street".
University of Arkansas Requirements for Admission However, from our research, University of Arkansas is understood to superscore the ACT. We couldn't confirm it directly from the school's admissions website, but multiple sources confirm that the school does superscore the ACT. We recommend you call their admissions office directly for more information.
The emotion expressed in this message is anger.
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
. Records Police Records The Records Section provides valuable information to various public entities and private businesses by making available public records maintained by the Des Moines Police Department. More . . . . Application for Public Records Online Appeal for False Alarm Fines Online Accident Reports Impounds Vehicle Impounds For inquiries regarding motor vehicles that have been impounded by the Des Moines Police Department use the following phone numbers; Monday through Friday, from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM call (515) 283-4850 after hours and on weekends call (515) 283-4824. Rules and Conditions Police Motor Vehicle Auction Schedule Traffic Enforcement Traffic Complaint Line The Des Moines Police Department has created a phone hot-line for the purpose of receiving traffic related complaints. Citizens will be able to call the hot-line number of (515) 271-4655 and leave voice mail messages of specific traffic complaints. Traffic Units Traffic Complaint Line Red Light, Speed Camera Information and FAQ 
- Diagonal cutting pliers (side cutters) Made with the jaws set at an angle and available in sizes from 100mm to 200mm. 1  Cutting conductors in confined spaces or close to electrical terminals.  Stripping the outer sheath of flexible cable ready for terminating.
Gang Related Gang Related Gang Related is a 1997 American crime thriller film written and directed by Jim Kouf starring James Belushi, Tupac Shakur, Dennis Quaid, Lela Rochon, David Paymer and James Earl Jones. The film revolves around two corrupt cops who attempt to frame a homeless man for the murder of an undercover DEA agent they themselves had killed. The film, Shakur's last, was released over a year after his death. Vice police detectives Frank Divinci (James Belushi) and Jake Rodriguez (Tupac Shakur) gun down narcotics dealer Lionel Hudd (Kool Moe Dee), after the two engage illegally in drug trafficking; this
RejuvaPen RejuvaPen is most commonly used in our practice to treat acne scarring, but it can be used for many different types of scarring on other parts of the body. For example, stretch marks, which are a type of scar, can be treated with RejuvaPen. We’ve also begun using RejuvaPen for melasma, which can’t be treated with lasers. It’s important to realize that these scars are permanent and won’t completely disappear. However, we can definitely use RejuvaPen to improve their appearance.
Bones of the Foot: Tarsals, Metatarsals and Phalanges The bones of the foot can be divided into three categories: 1  Tarsals – A set of seven irregularly shaped bones. 2  They are situated proximally in the foot, in the ankle area. 3  Metatarsals – These bones connect the phalanges to the tarsals.4  There are five in number – one for each digit.5  Phalanges – The bones of the toes. Metatarsals – These bones connect the phalanges to the tarsals. 2  There are five in number – one for each digit. 3  Phalanges – The bones of the toes. 4  Each toe has three phalanges – a proximal, intermediate and distal (except the big toe, which only has two phalanges).
CHINA CHINAFollow City-Data.com founder on our Forum or @Lech Mazur Photo by: Lazar Todorov People's Republic of China Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo COUNTRY OVERVIEWLOCATION AND SIZE. China is situated in the eastern part of Asia, on the west coast of the Pacific Ocean, in the southeastern part of the Eurasian continent, bordering the East China Sea, Korea Bay, Yellow Sea, and South China Sea, between North Korea and Vietnam. Its border countries include Afghanistan, Bhutan, Burma, (Hong Kong), India, Kazakhstan, North Korea, Kyrgyzstan, Laos, (Macau), Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, Russia, Tajikistan, and Vietnam. The land area consists of 9,596,960 square kilometers (3,696,000 square miles), the third largest in the world after Russia and Canada. The country's coastline is 14,500 kilometers (9,010 miles) long. China is divided into 22 provinces, 4 municipalities, 5 autonomous regions, and 2 special administration regions (Hong Kong and Macau). Beijing, the capital, is also the cultural and educational center of China. The city has an area of 65 square kilometers (25 square miles) and is partially surrounded by walls that were built in the 15th century. POPULATION. The population of China was estimated at 1,262 million in July of 2000, an increase of 10.36 percent from the 1990 population of 1,143 million. In 2000 the population growth rate was estimated at 0.9 percent, the birth rate was 16.12 per 1,000, and the death rate was 6.73 per 1,000. With a projected annual population growth rate of 0.9 percent between 2000 and 2010, the population is expected to reach 1,392.5 million in 2010. A simulation study conducted by the China State Statistics Bureau indicates that country's total population will peak at 1,402 to 1,550 million in the 2030s or 2040s. The population of China consists of 56 ethnic groups. Han Chinese make up 91.9 percent while Zhuang, Uygur, Hui, Yi, Tibetan, Miao, Manchu, Mongol, Buyi, Korean, and other ethnic minorities make up 8.1 percent. The great majority, 68 percent of the population, is between ages 15 and 64; while 25 percent is at the age of 14 or below, 7 percent is at 65 or older. The life expectancy at birth in 2000 is estimated at 71.4 years (total population), 69.6 years (male) and 73.3 years (female). The country's high life expectancy and low infant mortality rates are envied by much richer nations. In 1949, when China became a communist nation, the population was about 541 million. Over the following 10 years, it increased by another 118 million. It continued to rise through the 1960s. The government encouraged this increase so China could develop water control and communication infrastructures. The government also thought increased production could help produce more food and strengthen the nation's defense. Twenty years later, the millions born during that period contributed to another baby boom. By 1970, there were roughly 830 million Chinese. The over-growing population had generated serious problems and negatively affected the national economy. To slow the population growth the government introduced a one-child-per-family policy in the late 1970s. The policy was created not only to deal with the huge population problem but as a prerequisite for the social and financial planning necessary in a socialist system. The policy is more strictly enforced in urban areas and is unpopular in the rural areas where male children are more important. However, it is enforced enough to make most couples obey it. With the introduction of the one-child policy, the population growth has slowed, with probably 250 million fewer births since 1979. Two types of obvious changes in population have taken place. First, the people are aging. The number of people 65 or older is estimated at 87.8 million in 2000 and is expected to be 167 million by 2020, compared with an elderly population of 66 million in 1990. Second, the population is becoming more urban. For instance, the urban population was at 297 million in 1990, up 90 million from 1982. During the same period, the populations of the 2 largest cities, Beijing and S
What Is the Size of a Postcard? The USPS considers a postcard to be any single rectangular piece of paper that is at least 3 1/2 inches high by 5 inches long by 0.007 inch thick' and no more than 4-1/4 inches high by 6 inches long by 0.016 inches thick.. The post office considers all papers outside of these dimensions to be letters.
Peter Scot Peter Scot is a brand of Indian whisky, manufactured by Khoday India Limited (KIL), and launched in May 1968. It is a flagship brand of the company and is manufactured at their Bangalore facility. In "Khoday Distilleries Limited vs. The Scotch Whisky Association and Others", Peter Warren, an employee of Khoday, told the Supreme Court of India that the brand name Peter Scot was made up using his father's first name, "Peter", and his nationality, "Scot". Another factor in choosing the name was due to the British explorer, Captain Scott, and his son Peter Scott. Although the name "Scott" is spelt with two t's, it is phonetically the same as the word Scot. The brand's main competitors are Pernod Ricard's Blenders Pride and United Spirits Limited's Royal Challenge.
Rodent Well-known rodents include mice, rats, squirrels, prairie dogs, porcupines, beavers, guinea pigs, hamsters, and capybaras. Other animals such as rabbits, hares and pikas were once included with them, but are now considered to be in a separate order, Lagomorpha.
True or False-Face True or False-Face "True or False-Face" is the 17th episode of the "Batman" television series, first airing on ABC March 9, 1966 in its first season. It guest starred Malachi Throne as False-Face. The master of disguise, False-Face, manages to steal the jeweled Mergenberg Crown and replace it with a false one right under the watchful eyes of the police. Included with the false crown is planning to rob an armored car. Batman catches False-Face, who is disguised as one of the armored car drivers but manages to escape in his Trick-Truck. Batman and Robin follow False-Face into an alley,
Bermuda was colonised by the English as an extension of Virginia and has long had close ties with the US Atlantic Seaboard and Canadian Maritimes as well as the UK. It had a history of African slavery, although Britain abolished it decades before the US. Since the 20th century, there has been considerable immigration to Bermuda from the West Indies, as well as continued immigration from Portuguese Atlantic islands. Unlike immigrants from British colonies in the West Indies, the latter immigrants have had greater difficulty in becoming permanent residents as they lacked British citizenship, mostly spoke no English, and required renewal of work permits to remain beyond an initial period. From the 1950s onwards, Bermuda relaxed its immigration laws, allowing increased immigration from Britain and Canada. Some Black politicians accused the government of using this device to counter the West Indian immigration of previous decades.
5 Things You Didn't Know About Honey There are more than 300 kinds of honey in the US, each with a unique color and flavor that is dependent upon the nectar source. Lighter colored honeys, such as those made from orange blossoms, tend to be milder in flavor while darker-colored honeys, like those made from wildflowers, tend to have a more robust flavor.
BRADY, TX BRADY, TXVivian Elizabeth Smyrl BRADY, TEXAS. Brady, the county seat of Mc Culloch County, is located on U. S. highways 87, 283, and 190, 115 miles northwest of Austin, near the geographic center of Texas. When the area was settled in the 1870s, the community was named Brady City after Brady Creek, which runs through town. The name was shortened to Brady when the town was incorporated in 1906. In 1787–88 Spanish explorer José Mares crossed the creek near the site of present Brady. Henry and Nancy Fulcher, the first settlers on Brady Creek, donated land for the townsite in the mid-1870s. Allison Ogden and his father-in-law, Ben Henton, built a store in 1875. A post office opened in 1876. After residents of Mc Culloch County chose Brady as county seat on May 15, 1876, the town grew fairly quickly. Brady had about fifty residents in 1877, and a stone courthouse was completed in 1878. Thomas Maples began weekly publication of the Brady Sentinel in 1880; by 1884 Brady had two churches, a district school, three stores, two hotels, and 300 residents. Stock raising was the primary occupation in the Brady area before 1900. In the 1870s and 1880s local ranchers drove their cattle to markets in Kansas. Most other trade was with Brownwood and Lampasas. The number of farms and fences increased with the influx of immigrants in the late 1880s and 1890s. Poultry, sheep, goats, cotton, and pecans joined cattle as important sources of income for area residents. When the Fort Worth and Rio Grande Railway arrived in 1903, Brady became a principal shipping point for Central Texas. The Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe came to Brady in 1912. By 1914 the town had grown to include four churches, two schools, two banks, several processing plants, manufacturing and supply outlets, and 2,669 residents. In 1926 Brady residents celebrated the building of forty-two-acre Richards Park by holding a two-day barbecue on the Fourth of July weekend; it was such a success that the celebration was labeled the "July Jubilee" and became an annual event. Curtis Field opened just north of Brady in 1942 as a pilot-training school. Also during World War II a German prisoner-of-war camp was built three miles east of the town; it housed more than 300 Germans, most of them members of Rommel's Afrika Korps ( see GERMAN PRISONERS OF WAR ). Brady grew slowly from the 1920s through the 1950s, with population estimates reaching a peak of 6,800 in 1958. In 1959 the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway abandoned the section of track between Brownwood and Brady, thereby reducing Brady's access to outside markets. The population fell to 5,338 by 1961 and subsequently stabilized. Brady Reservoir was completed in 1963 for flood control, municipal and industrial water needs, and recreation. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe abandoned the track between Brady and Eden in 1972, leaving the town with only a branch track to connect it with the main line at Lometa, in Lampasas County. Brady had 5,925 residents and 142 businesses in 1988. It was principally a farming and ranching community. Its industry included a mohair-combing plant and sand-mining operations. The Francis King Art Gallery and Museum houses works by King, a painter and sculptor, and a collection of restored antique cars. Brady celebrates an annual band festival and goat cook-off every Labor Day. The stone courthouse, built in 1900, was renovated in 1974. In 1989 G. Rollie White Downs, one of the first horse racetracks in Texas after the passage of pari-mutuel laws in 1989, operated briefly in Brady but was unprofitable and closed by 1990. Brady's population in 1990 was 5,946, but dropped to 5,523 in 2000. BIBLIOGRAPHY: Jessie Laurie Barfoot, History of Mc Culloch County, Texas (M. A. thesis, University of Texas, 1937). Wayne Spiller, comp., Handbook of Mc Culloch County History (Vol. 1, Seagraves, Texas: Pioneer, 1976; Vol. 2, Canyon, Texas: Staked Plains Press, 1986). Vertical Files, Dolph Briscoe Center for American History, University of Texas at Austin. Where Image Use Disclaimer All copyrighted materials inclu
Non-brewed condiment Non-brewed condiment is a vinegar substitute created with water, acetic acid, flavourings and often caramel colour. It is sometimes used in fish and chip shops in the United Kingdom and Ireland instead of malt vinegar. It is also used in salads.
Crown Molding Cost Medium: $300-$500 per room High: $1,000-$1,400 per room E-mail Post Tweet Comments (10)Crown moldings decorate the stark angle where the ceiling meets the wall. Available in a wide variety of sizes and styles, crown moldings attach to both the wall and ceiling, adding architectural interest. An elegant touch, they can soften and enliven an otherwise boxy room. Typical costs: Standard crown molding professionally installed costs around $8-$12 a foot or about $300-$500 per 10x10-foot room, according to U. S. News & World Report [ 1] . Elaborate designs, heavy or exotic woods, the need to stain or paint the moldings, uneven walls and ceilings, irregular layouts with lots of corners, and the use of multiple moldings to create a dramatic effect [ 2] can bump the cost of materials and labor up to $25-$35 a foot, or $1,000-$1,400 for a 10x10-foot room. Materials for a do-it-yourself project in a 10x10-foot room range from 90 cents-$3 a foot for wood composite, red oak or poplar, or $40-$120 for a 10x10 room, or $1.50-$6.50 a foot for woods such as mahogany, cherry or walnut, or $60-$260 for a simple 10x10-foot space. Buy about 10 percent more molding than needed, to allow for wastage. Correctly making complex cuts at the corners is crucial, and requires owning or renting a compound miter saw, Compound Miter.com sells kits with instructions, tools, charts, templates and more for $75-$118. Precut corner pieces add an additional dash of style and make do-it-yourself crown molding projects a lot easier. They sell for about $8-$20 or more each, depending on size, style and type of material. Related articles: Baseboards, Wainscoting What should be included: Standard crown moldings range from 1-1/2 to 20 inches wide, depending on the height of the ceiling, the size of the room and the home's architectural style. In an average home, crown moldings are about 4-5 inches. There's practically an unlimited variety of decorative crown molding styles, starting with either the simple concave design or the reverse-?s'-shaped profile, to layers of straight-edged grooves, to patterns of rosettes, vines, ovals, squares, columns or cornices and more. Custom moldings can be ordered in almost any size and shape. Crown moldings, particularly those made out of heavier woods, require two people to install properly. Better Homes and Gardens gives a quick overview of the process, while Install Crown.com [ 3] provides extremely detailed instructions. Shopping for crown molding: Order crown molding at Inviting Home.com [ 4] , Wholesale Prices Direct.com [ 5] , Wish IHad That.com [ 6] , Hardwood-Moldings.com [ 7] and Do It Yourself Crown Moldings.com [ 8] . Referrals to trim carpenters are available from the National Association of the Remodeling Industry [ 9] . E-mail Post Tweet Comments (10)Cost Helper News7 Ways to Stretch Your Reduced Food Budget End of the year budgets are tight for everyone, especially in this economy. It's especially hard for the millions of Americans who depend on government programs like food stamps to help make ends meet. || Posted November 11 20137 Lesser-Known Discounts for the 50+ Crowd As they age, members of the Baby Boomer generation don't like to admit that they're senior citizens, but they love getting discounts. It's kind of a quandary, because some of the best deals available are reduced prices for older folks.|| Posted October 21 2013‣ All Cost Helper Blog Posts What People Are Paying - Recent Comments Beautiful Job! Crown molding looks amazing!Amount: $3,200.00 total Posted by: Jack & Sandy in Largo, FL. Posted: June 14th, 2016 12:06PMNumber of Rooms: 3 Type: 5 1/4"Contractor: Tides Custom Concepts Brenda Lee & her guys do beautiful quality work no matter what we've hired her for! Big jobs and even small jobs. She keeps her word, They come when they said.. they do a great job and they clean up after themselves!! Very professional work. We had another quote for a bit less, but we've seen friends with not so perfect crown molding and we prefer the Perfect Look! and that's ultimately why we hired Brenda 
Mickey Mouse universe The Mickey Mouse universe is a fictional shared universe which is the setting for stories involving Disney cartoon characters Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Pluto, Goofy and many other characters. The universe originated from the "Mickey Mouse" animated short films produced by Disney starting in 1928, but its first consistent version was created by Floyd Gottfredson in the "Mickey Mouse" newspaper comic strip. Real-world versions also exist in Disneyland and Tokyo Disneyland, called Mickey's Toontown.
Eustachian tube may result in the mucus becoming very thick and glue-like, a condition known as glue ear. A patulous Eustachian tube is a rare condition in which the Eustachian tube remains intermittently open, causing an echoing sound of the person's own heartbeat, breathing, and speech. This may be temporarily relieved by holding the head upside down. Smoking can also cause damage to the cilia that protect the Eustachian tube from mucus, which can result in the clogging of the tube and a buildup of bacteria in the ear, leading to a middle ear infection. Recurring and chronic cases of sinus infection
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
Without knowing the specifics behind this camera setup I'd say that this camera uses a mechanical rolling shutter. That is, the whole frame isn't exposed at the same time but the the frame is exposed linewise. When the camera gets jolted with enough force the exposure mechanics is unable to properly expose the currently relevant lines, giving them such bad readings that either the camera or the encoder determines that these lines are just noise. The lines are thus filled with placeholder values (the green).
How to inspect program state in the presence of generators/coroutines?
Pioneer Electronics later purchased the majority stake in the format and marketed it as both LaserVision (format name) and LaserDisc (brand name) in 1980, with some releases unofficially referring to the medium as "Laser Videodisc". Philips produced the players while MCA produced the discs. The Philips-MCA cooperation was not successful, and discontinued after a few years. Several of the scientists responsible for the early research (Richard Wilkinson, Ray Dakin and John Winslow) founded Optical Disc Corporation (now ODC Nimbus).
What kind of doctor treats lupus? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Health Conditions and Diseases Autoimmune Diseases Lupus What kind of doctor treats lupus? Flag What kind of doctor treats lupus? Answer by Stevie 2 Confidence votes 89A rheumatologist treats lupus in general however many different conditions can be acquired due to lupus. In such cases a different specialist may be required to manage those specific conditions. For example, renal involvement due to lupus will need the care of a nephrologist. Lupus patients may need to be seen by a number of specialists to manage different areas of the disease. And let's not forget our Interal medicne doc.22 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Dr. Shriniwas Kashalikar 1,172 Contributions What kind of doctor treats hyponatremia? A generalist, internist, or an endocrinologist. You may be referred to a nephrologist. Biscuitface 54 Contributions What kind of doctor doctor that treats the lips? Possibly a dermatologist if it is a skin condition affecting the lips. If it is an infectious disease you are concerned about, then a doctor in the infectious diseases and tro …What kind of doctor treats cysts? What kind of doctor treats facial cyst What kind of doctor treats lymphoma?doctor who. Dalialba 79 Contributions What kind of doctor treats prostate? Urologist is the dr for prostate surgery and any other prostate problems (like enlarged prostate or prostatitis). Oncologist works together with urologist to treat prostate …Doctor P 514 Contributions What kind of doctor treats boils? You should see your primary care physicians for this condition. If you have severe, recurrent, and non responding to common treatments, you then may need to see a Dermatologis …Pegalita 15,285 Contributions What kind of doctor treats fibromyalgia? Three types of specialists can treat fibromyalgia: rheumatologist, orthopedist, and immunologist. The general practitioner, internal medicine, family medicine, physician's ass …Linda Ruescher 419 Contributions What kind of doctor treats lupus nephritis? A nephrologist treats lupus nephritis in consultation with the rheumatologist. What kind of doctor treats bursitis?orthopedist Dechantk 38 Contributions What kind of doctor treats autism? Many different doctors: Pediatrician Developmental Pediatrician General Practitioner Neurologist Psychologist Psychiatrist Therapists (Occupational, Physical, Speech, Vision) …JEHilton 135 Contributions What kind of doctor can treat anxiety? Technically any practitioner (including MDs, DOs, PAs and advance practice nurses) can prescribe medications for anxiety; However, psychiatrists are medical doctors trained to …What kind of doctors treat warts? Depends on where the wart is on your body. Warf freesia 457 Contributions Answered In Medical Fields What kind of doctor treats ducks?animal doc. Out of Here 838,246 Contributions Answered In Doctors What kind of doctor treats the colon? Gastroenterologists treat diseases of the colon. Answered In Medical Fields What kind of doctor treats the abdomen?gastroenteroligist Answered In Medical Fields What kind of doctor treats pneumonectomy? Thoracic Surgeon Answered In Medical Fields What kind of doctor treats gonorrhea? Gynecologist or family physician. 
Bring It On: The Musical of the Broadway musical were cheerleaders and not musical theater performers. The cast of Jessica Colombo, a cheerleading judge and consultant, served as a technical advisor to the musical. The cheerleading competition company Varsity Spirit was involved in the musical and a Varsity Nationals banner hangs during the national competition scenes at the end of the second act. Bring It On: The Musical Bring It On: The Musical is a musical with music by Tom Kitt and Lin-Manuel Miranda, lyrics by Amanda Green and Miranda, and a book by Jeff Whitty. The musical, loosely based on the 2000 film of
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Duets (film) tunes in the film, and included on the CD, are: Huey Lewis, Gwyneth Paltrow, Paul Giamatti, and Maria Bello. Arnold McCuller sings all of Andre Braugher's songs including Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird", performed "a cappella". The soundtrack spawned two hit singles in Australasia, with Gwyneth Paltrow and Huey Lewis' "Cruisin'" spending two weeks at No. 1 in Australia and five weeks at No. 1 in New Zealand, with Paltrow's "Bette Davis Eyes" also becoming a top 3 hit in Australia. Michael Bublé has a cameo singing "Strangers in the Night", but the song is not included on the soundtrack. Duets
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
How Can I prepare for Class 10th Board Examinations ICSE?
How many acres are in texas? Politics & Government Law & Ethics How many acres are in texas? I need to know because my mom says that everyone in the world could go in texas and each own an acre. Here are the numbers I came up with: Acres in Texas: 171,904,640 Human Population: 6,602,224,175 Im pretty sure that means my mom is wrong. But shes said im an idiot and my information is... show more4 following 10 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: The land area is 167,690,880 acres (I think you are including water). So, your mom is way off Anonymous · 10 years ago1 0 Comment Texas Acres Source (s):https://shrinks.im/a9PZulanglitz · 1 year ago0 0 Comment Acres In Texas Source (s):https://shrinke.im/a8jomloupe · 1 year ago0 0 Comment This Site Might Help You. RE: how many acres are in texas? I need to know because my mom says that everyone in the world could go in texas and each own an acre. Here are the numbers I came up with: Acres in Texas: 171,904,640 Human Population: 6,602,224,175 Im pretty sure that means my mom is wrong. But shes said im an idiot and my... Source (s):acres texas: https://shortly.im/FG1Eq Sirena · 3 years ago0 0 Comment Texas covers 268,601 square miles which equates to 171,904,640 acres Anonymous · 10 years ago0 0 Commentkilometres squared in texas = 696241 1 kilometre squared = 247.105381 696241 x 247.105381 = 1720448976 1720448976 acres in texas population of the world = 6,602,224,175 (July 2007) so unless the world's population has gone down by 4881775199 since July 2007, then your mum is wrong. by quite alot.getitright · 10 years ago0 0 Comment261,797 Miles² 696,241 km² 167550080 acres 172044900 acres id say you were about right land surveying is very hard and the figures are usually off by a few hundred kmxx27513xx · 10 years ago0 0 Comment The actual saying (and statistical fact is if there are 7 billion people in the world) is you can take the entire population of the world, break it down into families of 4, give each family a home on one acre of land, you could fit the entire population of the world inside the state of Texas. Thus, the earth is not even close to being over populated. I worked for a relief and development NGO for a number of years. There is plenty of food and resources on this planet. Starvation is in most cases caused by oppressive and corrupt governments, especially in developing nations in Africa, Asia and the Middle East, who use it as a tool to control the population. We had plenty of food to avert famine in Ethiopia early 2000's however food rotted on dock, held up by corrupt officials wanting bribes or kickbacks. Anonymous · 4 years ago9 3 1 comment This is very interesting, because if you took the entire population of the world (roughly seven billion people), and stood them side by side in the state of Texas, each person would have 1000 square feet! There are 261,914 square acres in Texas (that figures to seven trillion square feet). So there is enough room just in Texas for every person in this world to get a piece of land 32 ft. X 32 feet! And that's just Texas! There is no overpopulation problem! This planets just not big enough for the rich and the poor to live together, that's the real problem!Anonymous · 10 years ago7 3 2 comments Well, I get 167,550,080 based on 261,707 square miles so you're pretty close (assuming I'm right :-). You're mom reminds me of my mom. When she didn't know something she'd get all defensive and make it sound like I was the one that didn't know anything. As it turned out, I usually did and she usually didn't. Just the way it went. As for humans ruining the Earth: they've been doing it since the Dawn of Time and they're doing it less-and-less as time goes on. You should've seen the air over Los Angeles and Denver back in the '60s - if you saw it in person today it would make your hair stand on end!Hot Lulu853@hotmail.com · 10 years ago1 0 1 comment1 2 next Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Best Home Security System? Online education an option? Portfolio Management Options Find Email Marketing Softw
Not much. An anti-depressant is more of a brain chemical regulator, putting things in proper order. Taking one doesn't make you happy, it just makes you capable of experiencing a normal range of emotions. Most studies on this indicate that mainly you'd get the various side effects of the medication, and some medicines may influence social anxiety either positively or negatively.
Comparative purposes. Fractional betting odds (as opposed to decimals or moneyline) commonly use a single denominator which isn't the lowest, but is consistent across a table. Say there's 4 horses in a race, you might see a spread of odds like this : 4/6, 4/2, 4/12, 4/3 Sure, you could write it as: 2/3, 2/1, 1/3, 4/3, but that would make it harder to judge the odds in comparison to others. It only stays higher when the comparison is relevant, like comparing multiple competitors (racing, for instance). When betting on a single event (like boxing), it's reduced to the lowest common denominator.
Milk thistle extract shown to halt lung cancer progression in its tracks Milk thistle represents another natural compound that provides a powerful effect to prevent and treat chronic diseases. Alternative health experts recommend supplementing with 250 mg of a standardized milk thistle extract each day to fight the threat of lung cancer. Sources for this article include: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/m...
Admission to Grand Valley A P H [Archived Catalog]Admission to Grand Valley Click on a link to be taken to the entry below. Undergraduate Admission Freshman Applicants Transfer Applicants Transfer of Credit Concurrent Enrollment with Community Colleges Undergraduate Non-degree Seeking Applicants High School Scholars/Dual Enrollment Program Undergraduate Guest Student Applicants University Honors College International Students Credit by Examination Special Entrance Requirements for Certain Programs Appeal of Admissions Decisions - Undergraduate Graduate Admission Application Procedure for Degree-seeking Students Graduate Non-degree-Seeking Status Changing Status from Non-degree to Degree Seeking Appeal of Admissions Decisions - Graduate Second Master’s Degree International Students Transfer of Credit Petition to Return Dual Credit Undergraduate Admission^TOPFreshman Applicants Grand Valley State University welcomes qualified students to submit their applications. Admission decisions are selective based on the secondary school record, grades earned as well as courses selected, the personal data submitted on the application, and ACT or SAT results. Freshmen are normally expected to be graduates of accredited high schools or preparatory schools. A strong high school background in basic academic subjects is important in a student’s preparation for college study. The admission requirements are designed to ensure that students who are admitted to Grand Valley State University have the ability to successfully complete academic work and fully use the educational opportunities available. Grand Valley grants admission to students who are prepared to meet the challenges of a rigorous university curriculum. Admission at Grand Valley is selective. Each application for admission is carefully reviewed and academic performance, as well as other criteria presented by prospective students, is considered in the evaluation. Applicants will be reviewed using a combination of high school courses completed, cumulative grade point average, standardized test scores, grade point trend, rank in class, and other factors. A total of 20 units is required (a unit is the satisfactory completion of one year’s work). Exceptions to these requirements will be considered in relation to other credentials presented. A single deficiency in an academic area will not necessarily mean a student is refused admission. However, students who are missing a number of courses will be at a disadvantage. We recommend that high school students who plan to attend Grand Valley prepare by completing the following high school program. High school coursework is the single most important factor in consideration for freshman admission. High school preparation should include the following. Four years of English, including composition. Three years of science, including two years of laboratory science. Three years of college preparatory mathematics, including two years of algebra. Three years of social sciences. Two years of a single foreign language. Further, we recommend elective courses in computer science and the fine arts. We also strongly recommend a 4th year of mathematics, and additional science courses. Results of the ACT or SAT (Scholastic Aptitude Test) will be required before an admission decision is rendered unless the applicant has graduated from high school three or more years previously. The requirement of high school graduation may be waived for adults, provided there is evidence that they are likely to be successful in college. This evidence will in most cases take the form of the test of General Educational Development (GED). Students are encouraged to apply early in the fall of their senior year. Assistance in the admissions process at Grand Valley can be obtained from high school counseling offices. The admissions counseling staff welcomes the opportunity to interview prospective students. Appointments for interviews should be arranged in advance by calling the Admissions Office at (616) 331-2025 or toll-free (800) 748-0246, or by writing: Admissions Office 300 S
Stephen Hawking's Brief History of Time has 3 arrows of time: cosmological (expansion of the universe stage versus a possible contraction), thermodynamic (entropy increasing), and psychological (humanity's perception of time). He links psychological directly to thermodynamic but states that thermodynamic would decay to no direction (pure entropy) even if the cosmological reverses by that time. Your question comes down to asking what time is. I hope that helps a bit. If there were no change in a system there would be no way to measure time so it would effectively not exist. Whether or not the dimension was still there is moot.
- For example the median expected annual pay for a typical Correctional Officer in the United States is $41,943, so 50% of the people who perform the job of Correctional Officer in the United States are expected to make less than $41,943. Percentile.
What can I do improve my handwriting?
[Wikipedia is always a good place to start for wide ranging questions like this one](_URL_1_). I'm not sure why March of Dimes would know, but according to them [as many as 50% of all pregnancies end in miscarriage](_URL_0_). It's not known for certain because many miscarriages happen without the woman even knowing she's pregnant. Miscarriages of _known_ pregnancies are as many as 20%.
How to Become a Purchasing Manager As of this year, the middle 50% of purchasing managers earn annual salaries between $73,692 and $98,652. The top 10% earn annual salaries of more than $110,675.ow to Become a Purchasing Manager. Purchasing is an important concept in all businesses and organizations that obtain goods and services to achieve goals. Purchasing managers are trained professionals that are responsible for buying or approving the purchase of a variety of goods and services.
- It is much more subjective and not easily described as acute pain. The three pain types can be felt at the same time or singly and at different times. The different types of pain respond differently to the various pain medications. Somatic and visceral pain are easier to treat than neuropathic pain.Somatic Pain. Somatic pain is caused by the activation of pain receptors in either the body surface or musculoskeletal tissues.t is much more subjective and not easily described as acute pain. The three pain types can be felt at the same time or singly and at different times. The different types of pain respond differently to the various pain medications. Somatic and visceral pain are easier to treat than neuropathic pain.
attitude can do attitude definition, can do attitude meaning | English dictionary. Search also in: Web News Encyclopedia Images. attitude. n. 1 the way a person views something or tends to behave towards it, often in an evaluative way. 2 a theatrical pose created for effect (esp. in the phrase strike an attitude) 3 a position of the body indicating mood or emotion. 4 Informal a hostile manner.
Most animals don't have vocal chords in human range. Most animals also lack the advanced language centers that we have developed. Research with apes indicates they are mentally capable of language, and have some form of dialogue, but not nearly as complex as our systems.
Pleura of the Lungs Pleura of the Lungs. The pleura includes two thin layers of tissue that protect and cushion the lungs. The inner layer (visceral pleura) wraps around the lungs and is stuck so tightly to the lungs that it cannot be peeled off.The outer layer (parietal pleura) lines the inside of the chest wall.The very thin space between the layers is called the pleural cavity. A liquid, called pleural fluid, lubricates the pleural cavity so that the two layers of pleural tissue can slide against each other.By Healthwise Staff.he outer layer (parietal pleura) lines the inside of the chest wall. The very thin space between the layers is called the pleural cavity. A liquid, called pleural fluid, lubricates the pleural cavity so that the two layers of pleural tissue can slide against each other. By Healthwise Staff.
Obesity Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to the extent that it may have a negative effect on health . People are generally considered obese when their body mass index ( BMI ) , a measurement obtained by dividing a person 's weight by the square of the person 's height , is over , with the range defined as overweight . Some East Asian countries use lower values . Obesity increases the likelihood of various diseases and conditions , particularly cardiovascular diseases , type 2 diabetes , obstructive sleep apnea , certain types of cancer , osteoarthritis and depression .   Obesity is most commonly caused by a combination of excessive food intake , lack of physical activity , and genetic susceptibility . A few cases are caused primarily by genes , endocrine disorders , medications , or mental disorder . The view that obese people eat little yet gain weight due to a slow metabolism is not generally supported . On average , obese people have a greater energy expenditure than their thin counterparts due to the energy required to maintain an increased body mass .   Obesity is mostly preventable through a combination of social changes and personal choices . Changes to diet and exercising are the main treatments . Diet quality can be improved by reducing the consumption of energy-dense foods , such as those high in fat and sugars , and by increasing the intake of dietary fiber . Medications may be taken , along with a suitable diet , to reduce appetite or decrease fat absorption . If diet , exercise , and medication are not effective , a gastric balloon or surgery may be performed to reduce stomach volume or bowel length , leading to feeling full earlier or a reduced ability to absorb nutrients from food .   Obesity is a leading preventable cause of death worldwide , with increasing rates in adults and children . In 2014 , 600 million adults ( 13 % ) and 42 million children under the age of five were obese . Obesity is more common in women than men . Authorities view it as one of the most serious public health problems of the 21st century . Obesity is stigmatized in much of the modern world ( particularly in the Western world ) , though it was seen as a symbol of wealth and fertility at other times in history and still is in some parts of the world . In 2013 , the American Medical Association classified obesity as a disease .
Because federal law has specific exemptions for fantasy sports leagues, as long as it's not a front for betting on the games themselves.
- OpenGov is a Silicon-Valley technology company that offers a web-based financial visualization software for state and local governments. The company focuses on making government budget and financial data accessible by modeling and presenting it in a user-friendly and interactive manner.
Traditional morphological and modern molecular phylogenetic analysis have both recognized a major evolutionary transition from "non-bilaterian" animals, which are those lacking a bilaterally symmetric body plan (Porifera, Ctenophora, Cnidaria and Placozoa), to "bilaterian" animals (Bilateria) whose body plans display bilateral symmetry. The latter are further classified based on a major division between Deuterostomes and Protostomes. The relationships among non-bilaterian animals are disputed, but all bilaterian animals are thought to form a monophyletic group. Current understanding of the relationships among the major groups of animals is summarized by the following cladogram:
Statewide Inpatient Psychiatric Program Statewide Inpatient Psychiatric Program The Devereux Florida Statewide Psychiatric Program (SIPP) provides a therapeutic residential living and learning environment for emotionally challenged children and adolescents. The individuals served typically have issues relating to emotional, behavioral, psychological problems and often unresolved trauma. This residential treatment program prepares children and adolescents for transition into the community through clinical, vocational, academic, recreational and life skills training. Family Therapy is a strong component of this program, offering the opportunity to strengthen the family while participating in this program. The SIPP provides a homelike secure setting with intensive treatment in Orlando, Florida. Licensed by the Agency for Health Care Administration and accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations, the Devereux SIPP serves male and female children and adolescents ages 5 through 17. These services are offered to youths regardless of race, sex, creed or religious beliefs. For more information about the Orlando Campus, please click here. Treatment & Services Options The SIPP Program offers an array of services including: Clinical Assessment Process Individual Psychotherapy Group Psychotherapy Family Therapy Milieu Treatment (Positive behavior support, positive parenting training, structural interventions, peer government, and leadership training)Educational Services Vocational Training Independent Living Skills Psychiatric and Medication Monitoring Services Discharge and Aftercare Planning Parent Resources Therapy All residents receive individual, group and family counseling services as part of the schedule. Individual treatment plans set goals and monitor progress. Issues surrounding past abuse, separation from families, depression, anger management, self-awareness, self-esteem, behavioral issues, conduct issues and communication skills help ensure a successful transition to a less restrictive level of care after discharge. Group therapy includes sexual abuse, survival and social skills, grief loss, anger management and process groups. Our multidisciplinary team includes behavioral analysts, RNs, teachers, therapeutic recreation specialists, utilization coordinators and consultant positions such as, psychologist, physician, dentist and dietician. All clinical services are provided by psychiatrists and masters level therapists. Direct Care Professionals provide 24-hour supervision of all residents. All team members are trained in Trauma Informed Care, Crisis Prevention Intervention, First Aid and CPR. Behavior System The behavior system operates on a Multidisciplinary Treatment Team approach with an emphasis upon a Positive Behavior Support philosophy of treatment. Success is based upon individual treatment objectives that promote growth towards pro-social skill acquisition and enhancement of an individual’s strengths with a reduction of challenging behaviors that hinder integration back into the family or community environment. Education Devereux SIPP residents attend an on-site Kindergarten through 12th grade school. Curriculum is based upon instruction from the Department of Education to meet the educational needs of students throughout Florida. Our school also helps prepare students for graduation at their home school. Contact Us For more information or to make a referral, call the Central Referral Unit at 1-800-DEVEREUX (800-338-3738) ext. 77130 or email referral@devereux.org. 
A large part of it came out of military spending, which democrats often support. He also increased taxes and increased government revenue. Economy booms and busts are very normal, and the 90s experienced one of the largest booms of all time due to the internet industry and technology.
Cast-iron cookware Cast-iron cookware From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search A cast-iron skillet Cast-iron cookware is valued for its heat retention properties, and can be produced and formed with a relatively low level of technology. Seasoning is used to protect bare cast iron from rust and to create a non-stick surface. Types of bare cast-iron cookware include panini presses, waffle irons, crepe makers, dutch ovens, frying pans, deep fryers, tetsubin, woks, potjies, karahi, flattop grills and griddles. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Bare cast iron2.1 Health effects2.2 Seasoning2.3 Cleaning2.4 Brands3 Enameled cast iron4 See also5 References6 External links History [ edit]This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2016) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)An American cast-iron Dutch oven, 1896Bare cast-iron vessels have been used for cooking for over two thousand years. [1] [ unreliable source?] Cast-iron cauldrons and cooking pots were valued as kitchen items for their durability and their ability to retain heat, thus improving the quality of cooking meals. In Europe, before the introduction of the kitchen stove in the middle of the 19th century, meals were cooked in the hearth or fireplace, and cooking pots and pans were designed for use in the hearth. This meant that all cooking vessels had to be designed to be suspended on, or in, a fireplace. Cast-iron pots were made with handles to allow them to be hung over a fire, or with legs so that they could stand up in the fireplace. In addition to Dutch ovens, which were developed with the onset of the Industrial Revolution, a commonly used cast-iron cooking pan called a spider had a handle and three legs used to stand up in the coals and ashes of the fire. Cooking pots and pans with legless, flat bottoms were designed when cooking stoves became popular; this period of the late 19th century saw the introduction of the flat cast-iron skillet. Cast-iron cookware was especially popular among homemakers and housekeepers during the first half of the 20th century. Most American households had at least one cast-iron cooking pan, and brands such as Griswold and Wagner Ware were especially popular. Although those companies folded in the late 1950s and the brands are now owned by the American Culinary Corporation, Wagner and Griswold cast-iron pots and pans from this era continue to see daily use in the present day; they are also highly sought after by antique collectors and dealers. The Lodge Manufacturing company is currently the only major manufacturer of cast-iron cookware in the United States, as most other cookware suppliers use pots and pans made in Asia or Europe. [ citation needed]The 20th century also saw the introduction and popularization of enamel-coated cast-iron cookware. Cast iron fell out of favor in the 1960s and 1970s, as teflon -coated aluminum non-stick cookware was introduced and quickly became the item of choice in many kitchens. Today, a large selection of cookware can be purchased from kitchen suppliers, of which cast iron comprises only a small fraction. However, the durability and reliability of cast iron as a cooking tool has ensured its survival, and cast-iron cookware is still recommended by most cooks and chefs as an essential part of any kitchen. Bare cast iron [ edit]This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2016) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Cast iron's ability to withstand and maintain very high cooking temperatures makes it a common choice for searing or frying, and its excellent heat retention makes it a good option for long-cooking stews or braised dishes. Because cast-iron skillets can develop a "non-stick" surface, they are also a good choice for egg dishes. Other uses of cast-iron pans include ba
. Top definition Shifter One who has a Dy Sf Un Ct Io Na L Re La Ti On Sh Ip Wi Th Th Ei R Sh If T Ke Y. They think it's cool. NEWS FLASH: It's not. What, did you skip elemetary school? Me: Hey. Whats up? You: No Th In G Mu Ch. Ju St Ha Ng In Ou T. Yo U? Me: Ok, no. Here's a dollar. why don't you go buy your dignity back? Nobody likes a Shifter.#shift key #idiot #poser #shoe #towelby MBequals Heart November 16, 200543 22The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug 
John Mayer John Clayton Mayer ( -LSB- ˈmeɪ.ɚ -RSB- born October 16 , 1977 ) is an American singer-songwriter , guitarist , and producer . He was born in Bridgeport , Connecticut , and raised in nearby Fairfield . He attended Berklee College of Music in Boston , but disenrolled and moved to Atlanta in 1997 with Clay Cook . Together , they formed a short-lived two-man band called Lo-Fi Masters . After their split , Mayer continued to play local clubs -- refining his skills and gaining a following . After his appearance at the 2001 South by Southwest Festival , he was signed to Aware Records , and then Columbia Records , which released his first EP , Inside Wants Out . His following two full-length albums -- Room for Squares ( 2001 ) and Heavier Things ( 2003 ) -- did well commercially , achieving multi-platinum status . In 2003 , he won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for the single `` Your Body Is a Wonderland '' .   Though Mayer started his career mainly performing acoustic rock , he began moving towards the blues genre that had originally influenced him as a musician . By 2005 , he was collaborating with blues artists such as B. B. King , Buddy Guy , and Eric Clapton . Forming the John Mayer Trio , he released a live album in 2005 called Try ! , and his third studio album Continuum in 2006 . Both albums received wide critical acclaim , and Continuum earned Mayer a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album . He also won Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for `` Waiting on the World to Change '' . That album was followed by Battle Studies in 2009 , a return to pop , with a number-one grossing tour .   After having several controversial incidents with the media , Mayer withdrew from public life in 2010 and began work on a follow-up album , called Born and Raised , that would draw inspiration from the 1970s pop music of Laurel Canyon . However , the discovery of a granuloma on his vocal cords delayed the release of the album until May 2012 , and ultimately forced him to cancel the planned tour . Even so , the album enjoyed a generally favorable reception , though was less commercially successful than his previous work . After extensive treatments for his vocal problems -- and a two-year hiatus -- Mayer began performing as a singer again in January 2013 , and that year released the album , Paradise Valley . The album is named for where he lives in Montana and features country music influences . By 2014 , he had sold a total of over 20 million albums worldwide . After developing an interest in the Grateful Dead and connecting with Bob Weir , Mayer formed Dead & Company with three former Grateful Dead musicians . After two well-received tours in the fall of 2015 and summer of 2016 , the band has already committed to another tour for the summer of 2017 .   Mayer 's secondary career pursuits extend to television hosting , comedy , and writing ; he has authored columns for magazines such as Esquire . He supports various causes and has performed at charity benefits . He is a watch aficionado ( with a collection he values in the `` tens of millions '' of dollars ) , and has been on the jury at the Grand Prix d'Horlogerie de Genève . He currently lives in Montana . His latest song is `` Love on the Weekend '' .
The State Council declared a three-day period of national mourning for the quake victims starting from May 19, 2008; the PRC's National Flag and Regional Flags of Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions flown at half mast. It was the first time that a national mourning period had been declared for something other than the death of a state leader, and many have called it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao Zedong. At 14:28 CST on May 19, 2008, a week after the earthquake, the Chinese public held a moment of silence. People stood silent for three minutes while air defense, police and fire sirens, and the horns of vehicles, vessels and trains sounded. Cars and trucks on Beijing's roads also came to a halt. People spontaneously burst into cheering "Zhongguo jiayou!" (Let's go, China!) and "Sichuan jiayou" (Let's go, Sichuan!) afterwards.
This is a question of typology, and the answer is: not a whole lot. *Perhaps* every language has a distinction between nouns and verbs, but some Native American languages (e.g. Salishan) might not have many tests to distinguish them (and perhaps no tests at all). [There's some excellent discussion of this issue over at StackExchange](_URL_0_). There *might* be a universal category of subject, (as in English "**I** run", "**He** hits me"), but it's problematic for ergative languages, which pattern the single argument of the intransitive verb ("**I** run") with the less agentive argument of the transitive verb ("He hits **me**"). See [here](_URL_1_) for examples of what this *might* look like in English. The category of subject is also problematic for languages that have 'direct-inverse' systems, where a morpheme or combination of morphemes tells you what persons are involved in a given act, and who did what to who is resolved by a 'hierarchy' and the presence or absence of an 'inverse' morpheme.
Assessing Article and Author Influence The h-index, created by Jorge E. Hirsch in 2005, is an attempt to measure the research impact of a scholar. In his 2005 article Hirsch put forward an easily computable index, h, which gives an estimate of the importance, significance, and broad impact of a scientist's cumulative research contributions..
Sanjō Sanetomi Prince Sanjō Sanetomi (三条 実美 , 13 March 1837 – 18 February 1891) was an Imperial court noble and statesman at the time of the Meiji Restoration. He held many high-ranking offices in the Meiji government.
As far as I know we haven't found a place with water without life on Earth. [Don Juan Pond](_URL_0_) needs more studies. There is certainly (even complex) life at the bottom of the [Mariana Trench](_URL_3_), at nearly 11 km below sea level. [Desulforudis audaxviator](_URL_2_) has been found in rock 3 kilometers below the surface - living from chemicals produced from radioactive decays. You can also combine both and dig into rock below the bottom of the ocean. [And find life](_URL_1_).
Chris Hemsworth "The Avengers" (2012), "" (2013), "" (2015), "Doctor Strange" (2016), "" (2017), and "" (2018). He will reprise his role in "" scheduled to be released in 2019. In 2015, he starred in the action thriller film "Blackhat", had a comedic role in the fifth installment of National Lampoon's "Vacation" series, "Vacation", and headlined the biographical thriller film "In the Heart of the Sea". The following year, Hemsworth had a supporting role in Sony's reboot of "Ghostbusters". Hemsworth was born in Melbourne, to Leonie (née van Os), an English teacher, and Craig Hemsworth, a social-services counsellor. He is the middle
New Asphalt Do's and Don'ts New Asphalt Do's and Don'ts DON'T - Place sharp or pointed objects on your driveway. Indentations will result. This will certainly be true for the first year of its life and perhaps longer (such as on a hot summer day when the mercury reaches 100F or above). Stay off the new driveway 2-3 days after installation and longer if temperatures are hot Principal offenders are high heels, bicycle kickstands, ladders, porch chairs, etc. REASON - The pounds per square inch on the above subjects is so great. This means that while small in area and light in weight, the weight involved is too great for the area concerned being all concentrated in one small spot. Also, asphalt is not a hard, tight material, but a soft, porous one. DON'T - Drive near or off the edges of your driveway. You may fracture the asphalt and crack the whole edge. All edges should be built up with soil and sod. REASON - Asphalt contains no structural strength of its own; it is merely a wearing surface. The strength lies in the stone or gravel base. Therefore, if great weight is placed unevenly on the unsupported edge, it must crack. CURE - Hopefully your driveway is constructed slightly above grade, so proper drainage will result. Otherwise, water will collect alongside the driveway and eventually undermine it. This means, of course, that the edge is exposed. To prevent possible damage, it should be backfilled or supported. This is why a road or highway has a shoulder or curbing. DON'T - Turn the car wheels sharply on the pavement. Also, don't turn the wheels while standing still - MAKE SURE THE CAR IS IN MOTION. Otherwise, power steering gouges will result. These are bruises or lacerations to the surface, caused by the kneading, grinding action of the tires moving on the bias against the asphalt. This problem is most often encountered in L -shape driveways, where the garage sits at right angles to the driveway. The consequent backing, cutting, turning etc. creates this condition. Even cars without power steering or lightweight sports or compacts will cause these marks. Â Greater care should be exercised in hot weather, since the asphalt is softer and more susceptible to marking. REASON - Asphalt contains certain oils or volatiles to make it more workable or malleable. Until they evaporate, the blacktop will remain soft. This aging or curing process may take as long as a year, depending upon blacktop thickness, weather, etc. "But my blacktop never did this!" Quite possible... Older mixes were coarser and therefore more stable. Today's mixes are much finer in response to an increasing public demand for a "smooth" driveway. While pleasing in appearance, the finer mixes have a greater tendency to displacement under strain. CURE - Time is the only answer. Gradual oxidation will eliminate the problem. NOTE - Sealer applied too soon will only aggravate the condition; since it tends to trap the oils that prevents and retards the drying process. After the driveway "sets up" then sealer should be applied. We advise that sealer not be applied before 3 to 6 months, I like a new driveway to go over a winter, after the driveway is installed. If you PAVE anytime in 2008 think about sealing it any time after March 2008. DON'T - Park the car or camper in the same spot all the time. This is particularly true in the case of a dig out where the base is fresh. No matter how thick the material, deep the base, or heavy the compaction, depressions or "wheel dishes" may result, if care is not exercised. REASON - To place a ton and a half or two tons in the same spot day in and day out over a long period of time can only produce adverse results. CURE - Move the car around slightly. Don't give all or most of the wear to one small area. Distribute the usage over the entire driveway. DON'T - Allow overweight vehicles on the driveway. Your driveway is constructed for automobile traffic only. Heavy trucks (garbage, cement, delivery, fuel, etc.) will break up the pavement, since the base is insufficient to take the weight. Driveways can be constructed to accommoda
This comment is not toxic.
I've dated within my old company before but now at a new company, I said I wouldn't date internally again. Am I missing anything or should I keep course even though my interactions outside of work are virtually non-existent?
No that is not at all true. Where did you read that?
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
65th Aggressor Squadron The 65th Aggressor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 57th Adversary Tactics Group at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada.
Nancy Sullivan (politician) Nancy B. Sullivan (born March 27, 1949) is an American politician and schoolteacher from Maine. Sullivan served as a Democrat State Senator from Maine's 4th District, representing part of York County, including the city of Biddeford and the neighboring towns of Kennebunkport, Arundel and Kennebunk from 2004 to 2012. She teaches history at Saco Middle School and was inspired to run for office by former State Senator and gubernatorial candidate Libby Mitchell. She graduated from Thornton Academy in Saco and the University of Southern Maine. Sullivan won re-election in 2008 with more than 73% of the vote.
How to Make a Lasagna Using Zucchini Instead of Pasta Edit Article How to Make a Lasagna Using Zucchini Instead of Pasta With the rising number of people trying to reduce or eliminate carbohydrates from their diet, more new low carb recipes are emerging. One way to have your lasagna and eat it too is to substitute the pasta for strips of roasted zucchini. Roasted zucchini holds up nicely in a lasagna dish without the carbs and sugar generated from the pasta noodles, plus it adds wonderful flavor. Additionally, you can chalk up one more vegetable to your daily intake, even if you want to add ground beef or turkey to your lasagna. 
Ocular Citatrical Pemphigoid/Mucous Membrane Pemphigoid Ocular Citatrical Pemphigoid/Mucous Membrane Pemphigoid Mucous membrane pemphigoid (MMP) is a rare, inflammatory autoimmune disorder characterized by blistering lesions that affect the mucous membranes of the body, especially the mouth and the eyes. Typical symptoms include redness, pain, tearing, and sensitivity to light. The inflammatory lesions on the ocular surface may result in scarring, loss of tear film, adhesions of the lids to the eyeball, corneal ulcers, and perforation. The frequent scarring that often occurs in this condition can lead to severe vision loss. Diagnosis: Exact diagnosis of this condition requires a biopsy from the patient’s conjunctiva or mouth. Treatment: The appropriate therapy for MMP includes oral immunomodulatory medications and sometimes surgical interventions. Because dry eye syndrome is often associated with MMP, dry eye therapy might be beneficial. Special gas-permeable contact lenses are also helpful for patients with MMP.> Treated by the Division of Ocular Immunology Request an Appointment Maryland Patients410-955-5080Already a Patient? Request your next appointment through My Chart!Traveling for Care? Whether you're crossing the country or the globe, we make it easy to access world-class care at Johns Hopkins. Outside of Maryland (toll free) 410-464-6713Request an Appointment Medical Concierge Services International Patients +1-410-502-7683Request an Appointment Medical Concierge Services Show me more... H ow Climate Change Impacts Your Vision Best Way to Age-proof Your Vision Creating Retina in a Dish From Stem Cells How Lab-grown Cells May Help Glaucoma Patients Help Reduce Rejection of Corneal Transplants With Nanoparticle Technology Preventing Diabetes-associated Blindness Therapeutic Eye Injections May Be Needed Less Often With New Drug Delivery Strategy Wilmer Researcher Helps Discover Safety and Efficacy of Drugs for Patients with Diabetic Macular Edema I want to... Request an Appointment Find a Doctor Refer a Patient Pay My Bill Access My Chart Make a Gift Make a Gift Support our groundbreaking research to help end blindness and change the way the world sees. Health Library Explore our health library for more information about conditions and treatments. Our Locations Visit one of our convenient patient care locations. 
Lyon Lyon Lyon (, , Lyons ; ; ) is the third-largest city and second-largest urban area of France. It is located in the country's east-central part at the confluence of the rivers Rhône and Saône, about south from Paris, north from Marseille and northeast from Saint-Étienne. Inhabitants of the city are called "Lyonnais". Lyon had a population of 513,275 in 2015. It is the capital of the Metropolis of Lyon and the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. The Lyon metropolitan area had a population of 2,265,375 in 2014, the second-largest urban area in France. The city is known for its cuisine and
How can I overcome sadness after a breakup?
Genetically modified food Genetically modified food ( GM food) is food which has been produced using organisms that have been engineered genetically (GM organisms). GM food either contains GM organisms, or GM organisms have been used to create the food. Common examples include maize, soybean, cotton and rapeseed. The first genetically modified food animal approved for sale is salmon. Commercial sale of genetically modified food began in 1994, when Calgene first marketed its delayed ripening tomato. [1] Genetically modified foods include: soybean, corn, canola, rice, and cotton seed oil. The features of available and future crops include resistance to herbicides, insects, viruses, fungi, production of extra nutrients, faster growth, or some other beneficial purpose. GM livestock have also been experimentally developed. [2]Research is being done on bacteria which would speed up making cheese. Genetically modified yeast could be used to make beer that has fewer calories. [3]Contents [ hide ]1 Regulation1.1 Labelling2 Examples2.1 Potato blight3 References4 Other sources Regulation [ change | change source]The approaches taken by governments to assess and manage the development and release of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) vary from country to country. Some of the most marked differences are between the USA and Europe. The US regulatory policy is the Coordinated Framework for Regulation of Biotechnology. [4] The policy has three main principles: US policy will focus on the product of genetic modification (GM) techniques, not the process itself Only regulation grounded in verifiable scientific risks will be tolerated, and GM products are on similar enough to existing products that existing laws are sufficient to review the products. [5]European Union have the strictest GMO rules in the world. [6] All GMOs, and irradiated food, are considered "new food" and subject to extensive, case-by-case, science based food evaluation by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA). The criteria for authorization has four broad categories: "safety," "freedom of choice," "labelling," and "traceability". [7]However many scientists think current studies are not good enough to be sure that genetically modified food is safe [8] [9] [10]. Labelling [ change | change source]One of the key issues is whether GM products should be labelled. A study into voluntary labelling in South Africa found that 31% of products labelled as GMO-free had a GM content above 1.0%. [11]In Canada and the US labelling of GM food is voluntary. [12] In Europe all food (including processed food) or cattle feed which contains greater than 0.9% of approved GMOs must be labelled. [6]Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, and Australia require labelling so people can choose between foods that have genetically modified, ordinary or organic origins. [13]Examples [ change | change source]Soybean crops: most soybean used in the US is genetically modified. Most vegetable oil used in the US is produced from GM crops. [14] Vegetable oil is sold directly to consumers as cooking oil, margarine, and shortening, and is used in prepared foods. As for soybeans, about 95% of the US crop is GM, and about 85% of the world's soybean crop is processed into soybean meal and vegetable oil. [15] The bulk of the soybean crop is grown for oil production, with the high-protein defatted and "toasted" soy meal used as for farm animal food and dog food. 98% of the US soybean crop is used for feeding farm animals. [16] [17] A smaller percentage of soybeans are used directly for human food. Potato blight [ change | change source]Researchers have made genetically modified potatoes which are resistant to potato blight. That disease caused the Irish potato famine in the 1840s. EU approval is needed before commercial growing of this GM crop can take place. [18]References [ change | change source]↑ James, Clive (1996). "Global review of the field testing and commercialization of transgenic plants: 1986 to 1995" (PDF). The International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-biotech Applications. Retrieved 17 July 2010
Ototoxicity: Medications that Cause Tinnitus Ototoxicity: Medications that Cause Tinnitus. by Barry Keate. Ototoxic medications are those that are toxic to the cochlea or vestibular (balance) structures in the ear. These medications have the potential to cause hearing loss, tinnitus and/or dysequilibrium such as dizziness and vertigo. Ototoxicity came to the forefront of clinical attention with the discovery of streptomycin in 1944.
What is accelerometerst.exe? 3D DriveGuard System Search For Processes Process Name What is accelerometerst.exe? 3D Drive Guard System Vendor: Hewlett Product: 3D Drive Guard System Vendor Website: Last Seen by PC Pitstop: No Data PC Pitstop has analyzed this process and determined that there is a high likelihood that it is good. PC Pitstop Analysis Purpose: accelerometerst.exe is a System Tray Applet from Hewlett-Packard Corporation belonging to Mobile Data Protection System or 3D Drive Guard System.accelerometerst.exe is a user invoked program and a normal part of PC operations. No action required. PC Pitstop recommends Win Patrol Plus for monitoring all of the background activity on your PC. Win Patrol Plus provides an easy to understand descriptions of over 15,000 processes and programs. This information brought to you by PC Matic Super Shield. Start this Free scan to check your threats to your PCs security.accelerometerst.exe Technical Information Percentage of recently scanned PC's with this process running: 0.01% Average CPU use for this program: 0% Average RAM for this program: 1 MBMD5 Hash Analysis Program Name MD5 Countaccelerometerst.exe 105MD5 Hashes# Status MD5 File Info Last Seen Signed Day Week Month Threat info1 0x72d6b0daf2af1680552346c267dc068f 4/1/2018 103 940 4542 Not Applicable2 0xd5e8d701727d82071dc49fb7b1e11401 4/1/2018 16 82 400 Not Applicable3 0xba9315d85bfa27df40de43b91882b19c 4/1/2018 1 13 45 Not Applicable4 0xf4bc46ad4fc1f2f3372ebf8505d00436 4/1/2018 98 731 3334 Not Applicable5 0x9b3f0b69708b9a0c60d5b9b766ed9a77 4/1/2018 2 54 167 Not Applicable6 0x29d06a666d3e1b52822fe411711420bf 4/1/2018 13 34 94 Not Applicable7 0x396a498982c926020b0d4429806fad1e 4/1/2018 32 323 1232 Not Applicable8 0x56c262b2cfde9a101455ce6a60762c6c 4/1/2018 57 500 1713 Not Applicable9 0x6b780968eb818f4b21bea177a0172d9a 4/1/2018 2 9 24 Not Applicable10 0xa0fa8d8d7af03bc5d77436d6f807e397 4/1/2018 2 12 38 Not Applicable MD5 Hashes# Status MD5 Last Seen File Date Revision Common Name Size1 0x7260166075e36c41ace6a4c23c97101e 1/11/2016 12:51:00 AM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 80 KB2 0xfa6111985dd1bb86efec535bcb15b414 12/14/2015 1:34:00 PM Unknown V1.0.4 3D Drive Guard System 122 KB3 0xf40c8c9dbabfd6611404ee36127d6326 8/12/2015 2:04:00 AM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 68 KB4 0x1f618dba55297ecbf6c32acf29202b7f 3/11/2015 12:18:00 AM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 80 KB5 0xb4bd2a77fed8b3e68a889afe3d4cd00e 2/5/2015 4:52:00 PM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 68 KB6 0xbf903f3f5a801c1f383d971796c33921 1/25/2015 12:08:00 AM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 80 KB7 0x3eeb96bc8c4b5897797c6527b0fbae46 10/26/2014 8:37:00 PM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 75 KB8 0x496ec375ecc9bd9cba1263e57927a023 9/19/2011 9:47:00 AM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 75 KB9 0x38dccfa736912e3cb89f8c61cfc54238 1/25/2011 8:26:00 AM Unknown Unknown 3D Drive Guard System 64 KB10 0xab627203c7f06882f0dc09e1a34f4965 12/23/2010 5:50:00 PM Unknown V1.0.4 3D Drive Guard System 122 KBMD5 Hashes# Status MD5 Last Seen File Date Revision Common Name Size1 0xf16211b27a21d4a67b7d26e8dccdf4c6 2/2/2016 11:33:00 PM Unknown V1.0.2 HP Mobile Data Protection System 52 KB2 0xc838da8552a5081252416e9262ea48ab 3/23/2009 2:25:00 AM Unknown V2.0 HP Mobile Data Protection System 46 KBTry a free diagnostic now PC Pitstop is the undisputed leader in PC diagnostics. Our running process library is culled from our database of over 100 million PC diagnostics and scans.› Driver Scan › Total PC Care › Privacy Scan › Disk Scan › Internet Speed Tests › Get More Tips Sign up for our FREE Newsletter Email: Sign Up!› Subscribe to Tech Talk › Visit Our Forums Important Note A file name alone may not be enough for positive identification. PC Pitstop's Overdrive tests and spyware scan use information such as the company name, product name, or install directory. If you are unable to identify a file, ask about it in our forums after running our full tests. 
Recent Doctor Rengenerations -- Dislike for Matt Smith? I remember the feeling of What the Hell when Chris Eccleston was tranformed to David Tennant as the new doctor. Last Night I watched David Tennant become Matt Smith and I felt like I didnt want to see the Tennant Go. But I cant help but dislike Matt Smith Right now, even though he is not bad at all. Does anyone else feel this way ?
List of Alcatraz escape attempts From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (February 2008) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Alcatraz Island from San Francisco, March 1962There were 14 escape attempts to escape from Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary over the 29 years that Alcatraz served as a federal penitentiary. [1] According to the prison's correctional officers, once a convict arrived on the Alcatraz wharf, his first thoughts were on how to leave. [2] During its 29 years of operation, the penitentiary claimed that no prisoner successfully escaped. A total of 36 prisoners made 14 escape attempts, two men trying twice; twenty three were caught, six were shot and killed, two drowned, and five are listed as "missing and presumed drowned". [3]It had seemed impossible to escape from Alcatraz by swimming. [4] The seasonal water temperature in the San Francisco Bay is about 53 °F (12 °C) in December [5] and the current can exceed 6 knots. [6] Citing these facts, as well as occasional visits from Great White Sharks and razor-sharp rocks, prison officers had discouraged most escape attempts. Contents [ hide ]1 Attempted escapes1.1 April 28, 19371.2 December 16, 19371.3 May 23, 19381.4 January 13, 19391.5 May 21, 19411.6 September 15, 19411.7 April 14, 19431.8 August 7, 19431.9 July 31, 19451.10 May 2–4, 19461.11 July 23, 19561.12 September 29, 19581.13 June 11, 19621.14 December 16, 19622 Escape from Alcatraz (triathlon)3 See also4 References5 External links Attempted escapes [ edit]April 28, 1937 [ edit]The first attempt to escape the prison was made on April 27, 1936, by Joseph Bowers, who was assigned the duty of burning trash at the incinerator. He was working burning garbage at the island's incinerator during duty hours when he suddenly ran and began scaling a chain link fence at the edge of the island in an apparent attempt to make for the shore. When he was caught in this act and refused orders of the correctional officer located at the West Road guard tower to come down he was shot. He was seriously injured in the fall from over 15 m (50 ft) and consequently died. [7] The incident termed Bowers' "Desperate Escape" was variously deemed by inmates to have been an actual escape attempt, a deliberate suicide (Bowers had made multiple suicide attempts, and was deemed by some prisoners to be criminally insane), an attempt to climb up to grab garbage wedged in the chain link fence (Bowers was assigned to the garbage incinerator detail), or an attempt to climb the fence to feed a seagull. However, regardless of Bowers' initial motive, it is indisputable that Bowers ignored the guards' forceful signals to halt and he kept climbing even after the guards began firing, such that he fell on the outside of the fence. [8] [9]December 16, 1937 [ edit]Theodore Cole and Ralph Roe had gradually filed through iron bars in the prison's mat shop in the industries building and escaped on a very foggy day, preventing them from being spotted by guards in the watch towers. The two jumped into the water and were never seen again, but the severe weather conditions at the time have led to a consensus that they drowned in the bay and their bodies were swept out to sea by the strong current in San Francisco Bay. However, they were listed as #1 and #2 on the FBI Most Wanted List. May 23, 1938 [ edit]Rufus Franklin, Thomas R. Limerick, and James C. Lucas attacked and killed a guard [10] with a claw hammer in the woodwork shop in the industries building and then proceeded to the roof, where an armed guard shot Franklin and Limerick. Other guards arrived at the scene. Lucas was cornered and surrendered to the guards. January 13, 1939 [ edit]Arthur 'Doc' Barker, William Martin, Rufus Mc Cain, Henri Young, and Dale Stamphill were inmates of the prison's supposedly most-secure unit, D-Block, when they managed to escape the cell house and reach the Al
9 Rules of Open-Office Etiquette Lifestyle / Office Etiquette9 Rules of Open-Office Etiquette Next Article Add to Queue Image credit: Shutterstock Jacqueline Whitmore - Contributor Author, Business Etiquette Expert and Founder of The Protocol School of Palm Beach May 24, 2016 4 min read Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own. Nowadays, many entrepreneurs choose not to rent a large office space. Rather, many enterprises work in a spare bedroom, garage, basement or another one- or two-room office space. Many cost-conscious business owners are even opting for an open-office plan where multiple staff members work together in a large room. It would be ideal if each person could have his or her private office, but that is often unrealistic and extremely costly. Therefore, to create peace and harmony a few rules of etiquette should be observed.1. Respect another’s need to work. Just because others are sitting nearby doesn’t mean they are available for conversation at all times. Respect one another’s privacy. Act as if there is a door between you and if they appear to be busy, ask if they have a moment to talk.2. Be aware of smells. Within a tight space smells can be magnified, so use consideration when packing your lunch or snacks. Try to eat meals in the kitchen, break room or outside, rather than at your desk. Since many people have allergies to scents, forgo wearing perfumes, cologne or strong after shave to the office. Pay attention to your personal grooming as well. Unfortunately, common sense is not so common anymore. Related: The Rules for Eating Lunch at Your Desk3. Keep noise and distractions to a minimum. Noisy conversations (either between workers or on the telephone) or habits such as tapping on the desk, fidgeting or getting up and down often can create an annoying distraction to those trying to concentrate. If you want to listen to music, podcasts or videos, use headphones or ear buds.4. Be tidy. Your messy desk can be a distraction to others and will detract from the professional image your organization is trying to establish. Keep your belongings confined to your own personal space and tidy up your immediate area each day before leaving work. If you share a desk, be sure to clear away any personal items like coffee cups and office supplies.5. Respect another’s space. Just because another’s workspace is within reach of your desk doesn’t make it common domain. Treat each person’s space as if it was a private office. Do not help yourself to anything on their desk or in their area. Ask first or go to the supply closet if you need a pen or a stapler.6. Don’t come to work sick. When you work in close quarters, it is easy to transfer germs. Stay home if you are sick. It’s good hygiene to cover your mouth when you cough, keep hand sanitizer on hand, don’t leave used tissues around, and wipe down the desk, computer keyboard and phone from time to time to help prevent germs from spreading. Related: 4 Signs You Talk Too Much at the Office7. Be considerate. Respect is key when working in an open-office environment. Act respectful and expect others to act in the same way. Set rules of conduct and reiterate boundaries when they are crossed. It’s best to address problems and concerns directly and diplomatically before they escalate.8. Be tolerant. The open-office environment brings together myriad personalities, with different styles. Be tolerant of these differences and find ways to adapt. Everyone is not going to agree with you one hundred percent of the time. Keep an open mind, listen with the intent to learn and focus on the positive aspects of your job.9. Think like a team. In order to maintain a cohesive team, do not spread gossip, cause another to feel like an outcast, or grumble about petty things. Hold regular meetings to set goals, share ideas and talk about concerns. Related: Think Privacy for Open Office Layouts That Work When the rules of open-office etiquette are observed, camaraderie, communication and collaboration will ensue. Top Company Cultures We are now accepting applications for our
creator Definition of creator. : one that creates usually by bringing something new or original into being; especially, capitalized : god 1.
- The UK's currency is the pound sterling (£ / GBP). Despite being a member of the European Union, the UK has not adopted the euro. There are 100 pence (p) to the pound (£). Notes come in denominations of £5, £10, £20 and £50.Coins come in 1p, 2p, 5p, 10p, 20p, 50p, £1 and £2.ou will usually hear British people say pee rather than pence, as in 50p (50 pee). More colloquially, a pound is known as a quid, a five pound note is a fiver and a ten pound note a tenner.
Amazon keeps giving goodies away to Prime members because it pays off in the end Amazon is getting into the music streaming game (for real this time!), and it’s hoping Prime users will carry it to glory. The new service, Amazon Music Unlimited, is your everyday Spotify competitor on its own, but costs just $7.99 per month — or $79 per year, which equals $6.58 per month — if you subscribe to its premium membership platform. (It’s $3.99 per month if you can live with it being constrained to the Amazon Echo.)
Tom and Jerry for Best Short Subject: Cartoons" of 1941. It lost to another MGM cartoon, Rudolph Ising's "The Milky Way". Producer Fred Quimby, who ran the MGM animation studio, quickly pulled Hanna and Barbera off the other one-shot cartoons they were working on, and commissioned a series featuring the cat and mouse. Hanna and Barbera held an intra-studio contest to give the pair a new name by drawing suggested names out of a hat; animator John Carr won $50 with his suggestion of "Tom and Jerry", at the time best known as the name of a Christmastime mixed drink. The "Tom and
Typically, when you close one eye, you're still looking at the same room as you were when you had both eyes open. Which means what you're seeing hasn't changed, and the brain knows to interpret everything similarly to when you had both eyes open. In addition, the brain uses a lot of visual cues and tricks to judge things like distance and size to interpret things in 3D. That's why stuff like [this](_URL_0_) is so difficult for the brain to interpret. Your brain uses the 'fact' that four walls are parallel and perpendicular and all have the same size to judge how far along a wall certain objects are, which you can do even with just a 2-D representation (photograph).
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
You are not looking at a grey image with a cluster of icons on it. You are, in fact, looking at a flat grey background with a semi-transparent image on top of it. This is made possible by the inclusion of an alpha layer, one of the features of the PNG file format. As for the image itself, you probably found it already, looked at it and dismissed it as a large transparent spacer. Open it up in your image editing software of choice and you'll see the magic happen.
- A bird wing is a ball of feathers, thin, hollow bones, and thin muscle's. The thin bones and muscle is so that the bird can fly through the air.The feathers are to help direct the bird though the winds. The birds wings act like arms. For us, if we moved our arms up and done at full extent it would be the same for the bird. the bird wings is made out of thin bones, thin muscles, and feathers. Bird's wing can also flap, which classifies it as an Ornothopter. Different person: Yes, I'm agree that wings of airplanes and birds have a lot of similarities. First, they use air to fly. Their wings have streamline shape or it also called 'aerodynamic'.
Assassin's Creed III a fictional history of real world events and follows the centuries-old struggle between the Assassins, who fight for peace with free will, and the Templars, who desire peace through control. The framing story is set in the 21st century and features series protagonist Desmond Miles who, with the aid of a machine known as the Animus, relives the memories of his ancestors to find a way to avert the 2012 apocalypse. The story is set in the 18th century, before, during and after the American Revolution from 1754 to 1783, and follows Desmond's half-English, half-Mohawk ancestor, , also known as
Herb Garlic Oil Home Recipes Side Dish Sauces and Condiments Salad Dressings Herb Garlic Oil30 made it | 1 reviews8Recipe by: Mike "Tartags""This is a basic garlic oil that can be used as a dipping sauce for bread, the oil half of an Italian vinaigrette, or as the base for Mediterranean-style cooking. If you use it for the latter, though, you may want to omit the herbs and add the extra-virgin olive oil unless your pan is non-stick or you do not mind burned little flecks of oregano and parsley. "Save I Made It Print Pin Share Ingredients8 h 6 m 4 367On Sale What's on sale near you. We're showing stores near Seattle Update Location (uses your location)1/2 cup olive oil1 clove garlic, roughly chopped1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil (optional)1/2 teaspoon basil1/2 teaspoon oregano Add all ingredients to list Directions Prep5 m Cook1 m Ready In8 h 6 m Heat a skillet over medium-low heat. Pour olive oil into skillet gradually, sliding skillet away from burner if oil begins to splatter. Add garlic; cook until sizzling but not brown, about 1 minute. Turn off heat, leaving skillet on burner. Stir in extra-virgin olive oil, basil, and oregano. Transfer to container and store in refrigerator until flavors blend, 8 hours to overnight. Nutrition Facts Per Serving: 367 calories; 41 g fat; 0.5 g carbohydrates; 0.1 g protein; 0 mg cholesterol; < 1 mg sodium. Full nutrition I made it!Share Similar: Recipes Videos Categories Articles Garlic and Herb Marinade52Garlic and Herb Cream Cheese60Garlic and Olive Oil24Italian Herb Infused Olive Oil16Herb and Garlic Dressing9Garlic Oil4Deliciously Easy Garlic Herb Focaccia4Rosemary Garlic Infused Olive Oil2Garlicky Sun-Dried Tomato-Infused Oil1Chipotle Oil1Get the magazine Get a full year for $10!Cook 5-star weekday dinners every time. Reviews1Rate and review Reviews: Most helpful France C. Allstar2K4002/3/2016A very simple and delicious oil mixture! Why spend money on store-bought flavored oils? I used this as a dipping oil with fresh Italian bread. I made a half batch and wish I had made more. I wi... Read more 
Cause that game is fun as shit, have you ever played it?
Absolutely. It's been shown that different parts of the brain are used for learning/reading Chinese and English, and their forms of dyslexia, therefore, are dependent on the structure of those languages. _URL_0_ Basically it boils down to that English is (mostly considered) phonetic and that certain letters determine what sound you will read, and English dyslexia is mostly about not knowing what sound to pair up what symbol on what order. Not the same in Chinese, so the problems interpreting the words/remembering the system changes in the brain entirely. There's anecdotes of dyslexic English speakers having a much easier time reading Chinese/Japanese and vice versa, but I don't know of any official studies on it. Long time since my linguistics class!
How much gasoline can be made from one barrel of crude oil? Answer by Drgeeforce Confidence votes 3021 barrel of crude oil = 42 US gallons (159 liters or 35 imperial gallons). It produces from about 35 percent to 42 percent of gasoline or petrol, plus many other products such as kerosene, etc. More detail: The yield of gasoline from crude oil depends upon the quality of the crude oil ("Crude Type"), and the amount and type of processing at the refinery. So called "light" crude yields usually more gasoline per barrel than "heavy" crude, for a given amount of refinery processing. That a crude is "sweet" refers to sulphur content, - sweet makes it low sulphur and sour high sulphur, and a "package" to remove sulphur is called a "Crude Sweetener". Producing gasoline involves two steps in the refinery, beside post-processing. First is the distillation of the gasoline stream from the crude, and then the refomation of this to "hike it up". The final refomation is to adjust to the actual "Octane" numbers and add ingredients to make it suited for cars - such as lead in old days, now various alcohols and glycol to achieve the same. More extensive processing -- cracking, reformation, etc. -- can greatly improve yields, but of course, at the cost of the increased processing. Overall, refineries in the USA are yielding about 49% gasoline (20.5 gallons) from the mix of crudes they process (2004 data). Actually, a barrel of oil is 42 gallons. When the barrel is processed, you may get something like 15 gallons of gasoline, 9 gal. of fuel oil (See Gasoil / D2), 10 gal. of jet fuel (Kerosene) and 4 gal of other "heavy" products such as lubricants, grease, asphalt / bitumene and plastics and 4 gallons of lighter condensates/naphtha. In energy equivalents, 1 barrel=42 u.s. gallons of oil is estimated to be around 19.5 u.s. gallons of gas (natural gas). Not disputing the answer at all, but if crude is now $80 per barrel, this should make gasoline nearly $1,90 per gallon, and this without refining and transport costs and assumes that the other cuts of the crude can be sold to the same price! Depending on where you are the response varies. When oil is refined, there are number of products that will result from the refining process, including gas, diesel, and other products. Depending on the "feedstock" of the refinery and what production goals were in mind in constructing the refinery, the output of gasoline, diesel, and other products varies. For example, in the US, the refineries are aimed at maximum output of gasoline, so the crude types that are used produce about 2 liters of oil to process about 1 liter of gasoline. Change this, say use Canadian tar sand instead - and you will need 4 times the quantity of crude for the same amount of gasoline. In EU however, more crude types are used, and the gasoline cut differs, i.e. 1.5 to 3.0 liters. That a refinery process heavy crude will usually result in a good supply to the chemical industry of complex hydro-carbons that can be used to make e.g. Kevlar, resins for glue and fiberglass, and advance plastics. These plants will pay well for the chemicals, so operating a refinery is managing a complex equation. You may have a good agreement for producing the complex chemicals, there is a good market with a predicable price for gasoline, heating oil and jetfuel / kerosene - while the residue, huge amounts of bitumen or tar can only be sold at a low price as road and roof covering. In a barrel (42gal) of crude you need to divide it into separate parts. These parts are roughly: Naphta and other condensates that are liquid. 2gal Kerosene, where most is jet-fuel 4gal Unleaded gasoline 20gal Diesel fuel and heating/furnace oil 10gal Engine oil .5gal Gear oil .5gal Grease .5gal Tar/asphalt 1gal So in a barrel of crude you can see that a small percentage actually becomes gasoline <45%. The standard barrel of crude oil or other petroleum product (abbreviated BBL) is 42 US gallons (34.972 Imperial gallons or 158.987 L)- In short 158.987 litres of crude oil make 1 barrel. To the ISO system - the oil companies and
Stoneman Douglas High School shooting Stoneman Douglas High School shooting On February 14, 2018, a gunman opened fire at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, killing seventeen students and staff members and injuring seventeen others. Witnesses identified former student Nikolas Cruz as the assailant, and he was arrested in Coral Springs by the Broward County Sheriff's Office shortly after he escaped the scene; Cruz had purchased food at Walmart and McDonald's restaurants after leaving the scene of the shooting. Cruz confessed to being the perpetrator, and he was charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder and 17 counts of attempted murder. Police and
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Tartaric acid Tartaric acid is a white crystalline organic acid that occurs naturally in many plants, most notably in grapes.he acid itself is added to foods as an antioxidant and to impart its distinctive sour taste. Tartaric is an alpha-hydroxy-carboxylic acid, is diprotic and aldaric in acid characteristics, and is a dihydroxyl derivative of succinic acid.
I don't know the mechanism behind it, but it may be the same thing as why people like bondage and SM. Pain can bring pleasure.
Earth's orbit Earth's orbit. Earth's orbit is the path through which the Earth travels around the Sun. The average distance between the Earth and the Sun is 149.60 million kilometers (92.96 million miles), and a complete orbit occurs every 365.256 days (1 sidereal year), during which time Earth travels 940 million kilometers (584 million miles). Earth's orbit has an eccentricity of 0.0167.
10 Ways You Can Conserve Water At Home Here are 10 ways that you can conserve water at home. 1  Check your toilets and faucets for leaks. 2  Install low-flow faucets and shower heads. 3  Put a plastic water bottle in toilet tank. 4  Insulate water pipes. 5  Brush your teeth without the water on. 6  Shorten your showers. 7  Use garbage disposal sparingly. 8  Install low-volume toilets. 9  Only do full loads of ...
- Harmless. Black soldier flies (BSF) are a widespread, harmless, and beneficial insect. BSF can not bite or sting, and unlike pest flies, they are not vectors of human diseases.This is due to their unique life cycle.armless. Black soldier flies (BSF) are a widespread, harmless, and beneficial insect. BSF can not bite or sting, and unlike pest flies, they are not vectors of human diseases.
This comment is not toxic.
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
[Wikipedia](_URL_0_) says the sword is a corruption of the axe the king held on the card originally. I don't know if this is true for every deck, but [this](_URL_1_) is an interesting take on the sword hand itself.
- Definition of X-Axis. The coordinate plane is formed by the intersection of two number lines, a horizontal number line and a vertical number line. The horizontal number line is called the x-axis.
Play with Me Sesame Play with Me Sesame is a children's television series, spin off from "Sesame Street". It featured "Sesame Street" characters, such as Bert, Ernie, Grover, and Prairie Dawn. From April 1, 2002 until September 2, 2007, the show was aired on Noggin, which was rebranded as Nick Jr. on September 28, 2009. The series was produced by Sesame Workshop and Nick Digital.
- Noun. 1. filtrate-the product of filtration; a gas or liquid that has been passed through a filter. fluid-a substance that is fluid at room temperature and pressure. product-a chemical substance formed as a result of a chemical reaction; a product of lime and nitric acid.percolate-the product of percolation.oun. 1. filtrate-the product of filtration; a gas or liquid that has been passed through a filter. fluid-a substance that is fluid at room temperature and pressure. product-a chemical substance formed as a result of a chemical reaction; a product of lime and nitric acid.
United States' Largest Police Union Servers Hacked, Trove of Data Leaked
What are average lawyer fees per hour in the UK? Why do lawyers bill by the hour? If the average lawyer is $300 per hour how can a non criminal working class citizen ever afford one? Would a lawyer who charged $80 to $100 per hour get a lot more clients than a lawyer who charged $200 per hour, or would the perception that s...
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
Rotator cuff Rotator cuff From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Rotator cuff Identifiers Me SH D017006Anatomical terminology [ edit on Wikidata]Shoulder joint. Posterior view at left. Anterior view at right. 1. Clavicle, 2. Scapula (with 3. Scapular spine, 4. Coracoid process, 5. Acromion ), 6. Humerus; Joints: 7. Acromioclavicular (AC), 8. Glenohumeral; 9: Bursa; 10. Rotator cuff (with 11. Supraspinatus, 12. Subscapularis, 13. Infraspinatus, 14. Teres minor ), 15. Biceps muscle In anatomy, the rotator cuff [1]) is a group of muscles and their tendons that act to stabilize the shoulder. Of the seven scapulohumeral muscles, four make up the rotator cuff. The four muscles are the supraspinatus muscle, the infraspinatus muscle, teres minor muscle, and the subscapularis muscle. Contents [ hide ]1 Structure1.1 Muscles composing rotator cuff2 Function3 Clinical significance3.1 Rotator cuff tear3.2 Rotator cuff impingement3.3 Rotator interval inflammation and fibrosis4 Pain management4.1 Continuous passive motion4.2 Capsular release4.3 Orthotherapy exercises5 Additional images6 References Structure [ edit]Muscles composing rotator cuff [ edit]Muscle Origin on scapula Attachment on humerus Function Innervation Supraspinatus muscle supraspinous fossa superior [2] facet of the greater tubercleabducts the humerus Suprascapular nerve (C5)Infraspinatus muscleinfraspinous fossamiddle facet of the greater tubercle externally rotates the humerus Suprascapular nerve (C5-C6)Teres minor muscle middle half of lateral borderinferior facet of the greater tubercle externally rotates the humerus Axillary nerve (C5)Subscapularis musclesubscapular fossa lesser tubercleinternally rotates the humerus Upper and Lower subscapular nerve (C5-c6)-The supraspinatus muscle spreads out in a horizontal band to insert on the superior and middle facets of the greater tubercle. The greater tubercle projects as the most lateral structure of the humeral head. Medial to this, in turn, is the lesser tuberosity of the humeral head. The subscapularis muscle origin is divided from the remainder of the rotator cuff origins as it is deep to the scapula. The four tendons of these muscles converge to form the rotator cuff tendon. These tendinous insertions along with the articular capsule, the coracohumeral ligament, and the glenohumeral ligament complex, blend into a confluent sheet before insertion into the humeral tuberosities. [3] The insertion site of the rotator cuff tendon at the greater tuberosity is often referred to as the footprint. The infraspinatus and teres minor fuse near their musculotendinous junctions, while the supraspinatus and subscapularis tendons join as a sheath that surrounds the biceps tendon at the entrance of the bicipital groove. [3] The supraspinatus is most commonly involved in a rotator cuff tear. Function [ edit]The rotator cuff muscles are important in shoulder movements and in maintaining glenohumeral joint (shoulder joint) stability. [4] These muscles arise from the scapula and connect to the head of the humerus, forming a cuff at the shoulder joint. They hold the head of the humerus in the small and shallow glenoid fossa of the scapula. The glenohumeral joint has been analogously described as a golf ball (head of the humerus) sitting on a golf tee (glenoid fossa). [5]During abduction of the arm, moving it outward and away from the trunk, the rotator cuff compresses the glenohumeral joint, a term known as concavity compression, in order to allow the large deltoid muscle to further elevate the arm. In other words, without the rotator cuff, the humeral head would ride up partially out of the glenoid fossa, lessening the efficiency of the deltoid muscle. The anterior and posterior directions of the glenoid fossa are more susceptible to shear force perturbations as the glenoid fossa is not as deep relative to the superior and inferior directions. The rotator cuff's contributions to concavity compression and stability vary according to their stiffness and the direction of the force they apply upon the joint. In addition to 
It's a location where the ulnar nerve can get pinned between some object and your bone. In so doing, the signals get disrupted, which you feel as pins and needles.  The ulnar nerve at the 'funny bone' location represents the biggest unprotected nerve you've got, where it's basically only got the skin to defend it, and not a nerve or muscle.
Liquid behave differently than solids and gases and your senses pick up those differences. Some examples of what you might be sensing: * increased heat transfer through convection * heat capacity of the fluid (relative to air or other solids) * viscosity of the fluid as it resists movement * surface tension of the fluid as it 'sticks' to your skin * volatile fluids can feel colder than the air around them because of heat loss to evaporation * pressure from the liquid if you are submerged deep enough Your brain/body learns that combinations of those effects mean that you are touching a liquid.
Incitatus Incitatus Incitatus () was the favored horse of Roman emperor Caligula (reigned 37–41 AD). According to legend, Caligula planned to make him a consul. His name is a Latin adjective meaning "swift" or "at full gallop". According to Suetonius, in the "Lives of the Twelve Caesars" (121 AD), Caligula planned to make Incitatus a consul, and that the horse would "invite" dignitaries to dine with him in a house outfitted with servants there to entertain such events. He also wrote that he had a stable of marble, with an ivory manger, purple blankets, and a collar of precious stones. Cassius
Use Cassiopeia to find Andromeda galaxy Mar 28 - Apr 0328 Venus and Uranus meet March 2829 Summer Triangle, signpost for all seasons30 Moon in Virgo March 30 and 3131 Year’s 2nd Blue Moon on March 3101 Mars, Saturn in conjunction on April 202 Moon, Jupiter from evening till dawn03 See a daytime moon around now Tonight, try star-hopping to the Andromeda galaxy from the constellation Cassiopeia the Queen. In a dark sky, you might even spot this hazy patch of light with no optical aid, as the ancient stargazers did before the days of light pollution. But what if you can’t find the Andromeda galaxy with the eyes alone? Some stargazers use binoculars and star-hop to the Andromeda galaxy via this W-shaped constellation. View larger. Anthony Lynch Photography provided this beautiful shot of a Perseid meteor and the Andromeda galaxy. Thank you, Anthony!Cassiopeia appears low in the northeast sky at nightfall and early evening, then swings upward as evening deepens into late night. In the wee hours after midnight, Cassiopeia is found high over Polaris, the North Star. Note that one half of the W is more deeply notched than the other half. This deeper V is your “arrow” in the sky, pointing to the Andromeda galaxy. Remember, on a dark night, this galaxy looks like a faint smudge of light. Once you’ve found it with the unaided eye or binoculars, try with a telescope – if you have one. The Andromeda galaxy is the nearest large spiral galaxy to our Milky Way. It’s about 2.5 million light-years away, teeming with hundreds of billions of stars. View larger. | Many people find the Andromeda galaxy from the two streams of stars extending from the Great Square (they are the constellation Andromeda). Or they find the galaxy via the constellation Cassiopeia. This photo via Earth Sky Facebook friend Cattleya Flores Viray. View larger. | Draw an imaginary line from the star Kappa Cassiopeiae (abbreviated Kappa) through the star Schedar, then go about 3 times the Kappa-Schedar distance to locate the Andromeda galaxy (Messier 31). Bottom line: Some prefer the constellation Cassiopedia – which is easy to find, shaped like an M or W – as a jumping off point for locating the Andromeda galaxy. More about M31: Great galaxy in Andromeda Use the Great Square of Pegasus to find the Andromeda galaxy Donate: Your support means the world to us Bruce Mc Clure Bruce Mc Clure has served as lead writer for Earth Sky's popular Tonight pages since 2004. He's a sundial aficionado, whose love for the heavens has taken him to Lake Titicaca in Bolivia and sailing in the North Atlantic, where he earned his celestial navigation certificate through the School of Ocean Sailing and Navigation. He also writes and hosts public astronomy programs and planetarium programs in and around his home in upstate New York. MORE ARTICLESVenus and Uranus meet March 287 hours ago Moon and the Lion March 27 and 2823 hours ago Sorry, the browser you are using is not currently supported. Disqus actively supports the following browsers: Firefox Chrome Internet Explorer 11+Safari Douglas R. Belfry • 1 year ago Finally I see dark matter up there near Andromeda! Gee I used to think dark matter was just made up stuff to support a false mythical vision of our universe. Ron Cole • 2 years ago For as many times as I've searched and asked online, I've never been able to find an answer to my question - how long of an exposure does it take to capture an image of Andromeda? I fully understand that time will vary due to atmospheric conditions and mirror size but, I'm really looking for just an approximate answer because I have no idea if it would a number of seconds, minutes or hours? I have a Celestron 114GT which has a 4.5 inch reflector which can track along with objects to get a good time lapse exposure... but I have no clue what length of an exposure time I should expect to be able to resolve the Andromeda galaxy. Disco Ron • 1 year ago Try a couple 13, 14. Bruce D Mc Clure • 2 years ago Perhaps Sky & Telse cope can be of some assistance at http://www.skyandtelescope.... Ryan Sams • 3 years ago W
16 Ways to Prevent & Get Rid of Cold Sores A cold sore is not welcome on your face, or anywhere else, for that matter. Not only are they cosmetically unappealing, they can be downright painful. Let’s get over the fact they’re caused by the herpes virus. We all know it, and that aspect gets far too much attention. Defining cold sores simply for what they are, they are small, fluid filled lesions that pop up generally on or around your lips. The blisters often group together, and after they break, a crust forms over the resulting sore. There is no true cure for the virus, or the cold sores. The bright side is that there are preventative measures you can take that lessen outbreaks, severity, and duration. If the bothersome blisters do show up, there are a decent number of home remedies for cold sores that may ease your discomfort, and help diminish their appearance. Just because there is no cure, doesn’t mean you’re stuck using irritating prescription face creams or having a cold sore that hangs around for an eternity.1. Enjoy vanilla Vanilla extract, the real, good, pure, vanilla extract, is a natural cold sore remedy some people swear by. The thought process is that its alcohol based, and running along those lines, makes it hard for the virus to thrive and either wipes it out or lessens the severity and length of the outbreak. If you do use vanilla, try and get it organic, and try to start using it the second you feel the tingling set it. You will need… -a cotton swab or cotton pad -pure vanilla extract Directions… Soak cotton pad or swab in vanilla until thoroughly saturated. Apply directly to sore, holding the swab or pad in place for a minute or so. Do this four times daily until no longer needed.2. Snag some licorice One of the more random natural remedies for cold sores that you can use is licorice. Glycyrhizic acid, an ingredient in licorice root, has been shown in some studies to stop the virus cells in their nasty little tracks-or at least counteract the symptoms of them. This is thanks to its anti-inflammatory and anti-viral properties. A way to glean something positive from this isn’t to go munch on a bunch of licorice whips, but rather get some licorice powder, and make a cream. You can also try drinking licorice tea daily, though that doesn’t seem as effective as topical treatment. You will need… -1 tablespoon licorice root powder or extract -1/2 teaspoon fresh water OR approximately 2 teaspoons petroleum jelly Directions… Mix one tablespoon of licorice root powder to ½ teaspoon of fresh water, or however much you need to get the consistency of cream you want, making sure to add in small increments. Another option is to mix it with petroleum jelly, which on its own can help speed up the healing process of cold sores. If you opt for this, start with a teaspoon of the petroleum jelly and mix it with the licorice root. You can work your way up to your desired consistency from there. Gently dab (a cotton swab is handy for this) a thin layer over the sore, making sure to get it completely covered. Leave it on for at least several hours, or overnight if possible.3. Toss your toothbrush Throw out your toothbrush after the blister has formed, and toss it once the sore has cleared up. A toothbrush is the perfect vessel to carry the virus, and you can end up triggering an outbreak in yourself if you re-use the same toothbrush again and again. This is a preventative measure, since it can stop an outbreak or cut it short, it’s well worth doing.4. Hands off It may sound obvious, but it can be near an impossible to resist picking at that crusty little (or big) patch by your mouth. Almost subconsciously you can end up bothering it, or very consciously, you just want to peel it off and be done with it. Whatever your motive, resist touching the sore-even just reaching up to touch it and see if it somehow shrunk-as those actions can cause a bacterial infection. That’s the last thing you need. They are also so highly contagious that even touching your sore and then accidentally rubbing your eye, or somewhere else on your body, c
What saved your marriage?
What Are the Job Duties of a Publisher? Magazine publishers develop publications that will appeal to both readers and advertisers. A fashion magazine publisher, for example, may decide to focus on high-end fashion aimed at wealthy readers who represent an attractive target market for advertisers of luxury goods.
Cat Worms â Types of Worms to Infect Cats Cat Worms – Types of Worms to Infect Cats At a glance Heartworm Tapeworm Hookworm Roundworm Other worms Treatment Cat worms at a glance: About: Parasitic worms can infect cats, the most common are tapeworm, hookworm, roundworm and heartworm. Transmission: This varies from worm to worm but can include from fleas, hunting and contaminated environemnt. Diagnosis: Most worms can be diagnosed by the presence of eggs in the feces. A blood test is used to detect heartworm larvae in the blood. Treatment: Anti-worming medications are used to treat most worms. Heartworm treatment can be dangerous, and in most cases supportive care is given. Parasitic worms are one of the most common types of parasite to infect cats. Even indoor cats can get worms, highlighting the importance of a strict worming regime. Worms can take up residence in many parts of the body. The three most common worms are intestinal worms, which either feed on the stomach contents or on your cat’s blood which can cause malnutrition and/or anemia. Parasitic worms can also infect the heart, lungs, bladder, kidneys, and eyes. We look at the most common parasitic worms below. Heartworm: Caused by Dirofilaria immitis, heartworms are a potentially fatal parasitic worm living in the pulmonary arteries, lungs, and hearts of cats. Heartworms are nematodes, a type of roundworm, they are several inches long, thin and white. Heartworms are a common parasite in dogs, although cats do become infected and may develop the disease. While cats are more resistant to heartworm infestations than dogs, cats, in particular, are extremely vulnerable to heartworm and even a small number can lead to death. In an infected animal, the adult heartworms produce their young, known as microfilaria, which swims around the bloodstream. Microfilaria requires an intermediate host in the form of the mosquito. The mosquito bites an infected dog and takes up some of these microfilaria circulating in the dog’s blood. Once inside the mosquito, they undergo further maturation, which takes 10 – 14 days, at which time they become infective larvae. The mosquito injects infective larvae into the cat when it feeds. Symptoms: Coughing Wheezing Diffilarvaebreathing Anorexia Vomiting Lethargy Weight loss Some cats show no signs at all, but die suddenly Diagnosis Diagnosis of heartworms in cats is often difficult and not always 100% reliable. There are several tests which your veterinarian may perform, including;Antibody test: Detects antibodies made by the cat, to adult heartworm antigen. This may give false positive results if the cat has had a prior heartworm infection which has cleared up. Also, it is possible for the cat to have had microfilaria in the blood and removed this without them developing into adult worms. Antigen test: Detects the presence of heartworm antigen in the blood. This relies on the cat carrying infection with an adult female heartworm, so it is possible for a false negative result if the cat is carrying male only, or immature heartworms. Echocardiogram (ultrasound reading of the heart): To detect the presence of heartworms. Radiography: May detect enlarged pulmonary ar ries possibly with ill-defined margins and an enlarged right-hand side of the heart and lung changes. Microfilarial Tests: This tests for the presence of microfilaria in the blood. Less than 20% of cats will have microfilaria in the blood. This may be due to several reasons. As cats often only have one or two heartworms, they may male only or female only, which would rule out mating of worms producing microfilaria. Also, the cat’s immune system may be attacking and destroying any microfilaria present. Therefore a negative blood test will not rule out the presence of heartworms. Tapeworm: Tapeworms are a highly specialised intestinal parasite known as Cestodes. They need two hosts, the intermediate host which passes the cysticercoid around and the final host (your pet), where it develops into an adult tapeworm and lays its eggs. Dipylidium caninum is the most common tapeworm in cats 
Could you clarify your question? What do you mean by work?
Top 30 Doctor insights on: Early Symptoms Of Stomach Flu Top 30 Doctor insights on: Early Symptoms Of Stomach Flu Share Follow @Health Tap </> Embed Dr. Derrick Lonsdale1 doctor agreed:1 What are the usual symptoms of stomach flu? Misnomer: This may be an infection, often a virus, characterized by diarrhea and vomiting. Repeated such episodes can often be due to bad diet . ... Read more Dr. Chevies Newman1,113 Doctors shared insights Premature (Definition)Very premature is a condition in which a baby is delivered between 28 and 31 weeks' gestation. Depending on how premature, how sick, and how lucky or unlucky a baby is, he can get brain problems, cerebral palsy, blindness, deafness, developmental problems, learning disabilities, severe lung diseases, infection and loss of some intestines, etc... Babies who are only moderately premature usually ... Read more Board Certified,Get help from a real doctor now Continue Dr. Cindy Juster1 doctor agreed:2 Symptoms of stomach flu vs. Symptoms from eating bad food? Sometimes the same. : With either one, you can have nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, and diarrhea, although fever is less often due to food poisoning. If more than one person ate a specific food at the same time and both developed symptoms at about the same time, that increases the likelihood ... Read more Dr. Nela Cordero7 doctors agreed:3 How long should these symptoms of stomach flu last in a healthy 25 year old? VIRAL INFECTION: Viral infections are self limited to a few days to a week. Make sure patient does not become dehydrated. ... Read more Dr. Heidi Fowler4 I suddenly felt nautious followed by vomiting. Symptoms of stomach flu. And after I feel like something is in my chest. Could this anxiety or? I can't diagnose you: Gastroenteritis symptoms may include: diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps/pain, headaches, muscular aches ; pains as well as fever (low grade). Bloody stools are not usually associated with gastroenteritis. Do you feel overwhelming anxiety when you experience the ... Read more Dr. Gary Gottlieb5 How long would the normal stomach flu take to develop in your system and start showing symptoms. ?6--10 days: The " incubation period " for most common gastrointestinal viral illnesses is 6-10 days. Cerain viruses, such as hepatitis a and b viruses, can take up to 6 months from infection to onset of symptoms. ... Read more Board Certified,Get help from a specialist now Continue Dr. Holly Maes1 doctor agreed:6 What are symptoms of dehydration if you have the stomach flu? Dry mouth/lips...: Depending on the age of the person, there ae different things you can monitor for dehydration. You should urinate minimum of once every 12 hours - less often my indicate dehydration. Lips and mouth dryness, no tears for kids. More severe dehydration skin feels different, soft spot on ... Read more Dr. Heidi Fowler1 doctor agreed:7 How to treat stomach flu symptoms? Gastroenteritis: Start with clear liquid like water, soda that is clear, or sports hydration drinks. Sip, sip, sip. Work up to solids with bland foods like bananas, rice, applesauce, toast, gelatin, or chicken. Avoid alcohol, nicotine, caffeine, dairy ; high fat foods. Rest. ... Read more Dr. Heidi Fowler2 doctors agreed:8 What are the symptoms of the stomach flu? Gastroenteritis: Gastroenteritis symptoms may include: diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps/pain, headaches, muscular aches ; pains as well as fever (low grade). Bloody stools are not usually associated with gastroenteritis. ... Read more Dr. Heidi Fowler9 What symptoms are typically associated with the stomach flu? Stomach Flu: The symptoms of stomach flu (viral gastroenteritis) can include: nausea, vomiting, headache, watery bowel movements (not bloody), abdominal cramps and a low fever . ... Read more Dr. Heidi Fowler10 Can you please tell me the immediate symptoms of a stomach flu? Symptoms: The symptoms of stomach flu (viral gastroenteritis) can include: nausea, vomiting, headache, watery bowel movements (not bloody), abdominal cramps and a low fever . ... Read more Dr. Carlo 
- No, To upload a video on to youtube is 100% free of charge. The only thing you will have to worry about it that point of thinking is the terms and conditions of youtube. You w … ill have to get a youtube account and channel before you upload a video though.
Sharia Sharia Sharia (), Sharia law, or Islamic law ( ) is a religious law forming part of the Islamic tradition. It is derived from the religious precepts of Islam, particularly the Quran and the Hadith. In Arabic, the term "sharīʿah" refers to God's immutable divine law and is contrasted with "fiqh", which refers to its human scholarly interpretations. It has been described as "one of the major intellectual achievements of Islam" and its importance in Islam has been compared to that of theology in Christianity. The manner of its application in modern times has been a subject of dispute between
Britain captured Gibraltar during the War of the Spanish Succession in 1704, and was granted it in the treaty that ended the war. It's legal claim to the territory isn't really in dispute internationally; Spain's claim does not have much recognition. The native people are British citizens, and there is a substantial minority of British citizens from elsewhere. In 2002, there was a referendum held on sharing control over Gibraltar with Spain, and 98.48% of Gibraltar residents voted against it. In short, the United Kingdom doesn't really need a "justification" for keeping it. No one else has a legitimate claim, nor is there a real desire for independence.
FBI Agent Requirements FBI Agent Requirements FBI agent requirements are often misunderstood or mischaracterized in the media, which has lead to confusion for those who are seeking employment in this highly sought after career. Many are unaware that the FBI isn't simply looking for high caliber law enforcement officers, but also a whole host of individuals with a variety of educational backgrounds and specialties. While getting a job with the FBI is notoriously competitive, there are many ways to increase the likelihood that you will be selected. For example, pursuing an educational program that includes information security with an emphasis in cypbercrime and hacker prevention. Another option is to combine a homeland security degree with previous experience in criminal psychology or counterterrorism. Get to know the degree requirements and qualifications so that you can put together an educational path that will complement your current knowledge, skills, and experience and ultimately make you a viable candidate for employment within the FBI. FBI Agent Degree Requirements The FBI requires that you have at least a Bachelor's degree and the most commonly pursued is a degree in criminal justice, law enforcement, or homeland security. The following are some recommended schools for those seeking a career in the FBI or federal law enforcement: FBI Qualifications The FBI Qualifications for becoming a Special Agent are as follows: you must first be an American citizen between the ages of 23 and 37. Proven veterans are sometimes given age waivers but usually Special Agents are done at 37. You will also need at least a Bachelors degree from a university that has been accredited by the US Secretary of Education and have at least three years of working experience prior to applying for a position with the FBI. Lastly, you will need a valid drivers license and must be prepared for the possibility that you will be assigned to work anywhere within the FBI's area of jurisdiction. Once you have met these basic requirements, you must qualify for one of the five entry programs, which, according to the FBI's website, are the following: Accounting Computer Science/Information Technology Language Law Diversified Special Agent After qualifying for entry in to one of these programs, you will then be hired based on a priority skills assessment by the FBI. Current priority skills that the FBI looks for include: Accounting Finance Computer Science/Information Technology Expertise Engineering Expertise Foreign Language (s) Proficiency Intelligence Experience Law Experience Law Enforcement/Investigative Experience Military Experience Physical Sciences (e.g., physics, chemistry, biology, etc.) Expertise Diversified Experience Keep in mind, these are arranged in descending order from skills that the FBI considers most useful to skills that the FBI considers least useful. Additionally, the FBI is interested in having applicants with expertise in more than one area, so the more areas that you have expertise in, the better your chances of surviving the application process. Lastly, you will only be hired if you meet the FBI's physical requirements and you must pass an FBI background investigation. If you pass the background check, meet the physical requirements, and have at least two of the priority skills then you will most likely be admitted to the Special Agent program. 
Efficient method for parallel computation of geodesic transformation on
  CPU
The experience of pain has many cultural dimensions. For instance, the way in which one experiences and responds to pain is related to sociocultural characteristics, such as gender, ethnicity, and age. An aging adult may not respond to pain in the way that a younger person would. Their ability to recognize pain may be blunted by illness or the use of multiple prescription drugs. Depression may also keep the older adult from reporting they are in pain. The older adult may also quit doing activities they love because it hurts too much. Decline in self-care activities (dressing, grooming, walking, etc.) may also be indicators that the older adult is experiencing pain. The older adult may refrain from reporting pain because they are afraid they will have to have surgery or will be put on a drug they might become addicted to. They may not want others to see them as weak, or may feel there is something impolite or shameful in complaining about pain, or they may feel the pain is deserved punishment for past transgressions.
The Incredible Hulk (comic book) The Incredible Hulk (comic book) The Incredible Hulk is an ongoing comic book series featuring the Marvel Comics superhero the Hulk and his alter ego Dr. Bruce Banner. First published in May 1962, the series ran for six issues before it was cancelled in March 1963, and the Hulk character began appearing in "Tales to Astonish". With issue #102, "Tales to Astonish" was renamed to "The Incredible Hulk" in April 1968, becoming its second volume. The series continued to run until issue #474 in March 1999 when it was replaced with the series "Hulk" which ran until February 2000 and
Dumb Terminal Definition Dumb Terminal Definition. A dumb terminal is a computer terminal that consists mostly of just a display monitor and a keyboard (and perhaps a mouse as well). It has no internal CPU (central processing unit), and thus has little or no processing power. Likewise, there is no hard disk drive (HDD).
Are there any tricks in complex numbers?
Agostino Di Bartolomei Agostino Di Bartolomei (8 April 1955 in Rome – 30 May 1994 in San Marco di Castellabate) was an Italian football player, who played as a midfielder or as a defender, in a sweeper role. Famed for his elegance on the ball and playmaking skills, he is regarded as one of A.S. Roma's greatest players ever, and one of the greatest Italian players never to have been capped by the Italian national team.
- These included motion picture executive Alan Ladd, Jr. â¿¿famous for being the one executive to greenlight a film called Star Wars (1977) at 20th Century Fox â¿¿ actress Alana Ladd, actor David Ladd (who married Cheryl Ladd) and actress Jordan Ladd.
Tim Cluess Timothy Michael Cluess (born March 9, 1959) is an American college basketball coach and the current head men's basketball coach at Iona College, and former coach of Long Island University–C.W. Post. He took over the position from Kevin Willard on April 8, 2010.
Frank Welker From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the actor. For the talent agent, see Frank Buckley Walker. This biography of a living person needs additional citations for verification. Please help by adding reliable sources. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful. (March 2010) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Frank Welker Welker at the 2015 Rhode Island Comic Con Born Franklin Wendell Welker March 12, 1946 (age 72)Denver, Colorado, U. S. Nationality American Alma mater Santa Monica College Occupation Voice actor Years active 1967–present Agent CESD Talent Agency Known for Fred Jones and (since 2002) Scooby-Doo in Scooby-Doo Jabberjaw Oswald the Lucky Rabbit Megatron/Galvatronin The Transformers Garfield in Garfield Gets Real Garfield's Fun Fest Garfield's Pet Force The Garfield Show (since 2007)Dr. Ray Stantz & Slimerin The Real Ghostbusters Doctor Claw in Inspector Gadget Kermit the Frog (baby)in Muppet Babies Monkey & Krunk in Dexter's Laboratory Franklin Wendell Welker (born March 12, 1946) is an American voice actor. He is best known for his role as Fred Jones from the Scooby-Doo franchise since its conception in 1969. He is the only original voice actor still with the Scooby-Doo franchise since the death of Casey Kasem on June 15, 2014. He has also voiced Scooby-Doo since 2002, and provided the voice of Megatron in the Transformers franchise, specifically Transformers G1 and Transformers: Prime. He is also well known as both the vocal effects and the voice of Nibbler in Futurama. In 2016, Welker received an Emmy Award in honor of his lifetime achievements. Contents [ hide ]1 Early life2 Career2.1 Voice-acting career2.2 Live-action acting career2.3 Transformers3 Filmography4 References5 External links Early life [ edit]Welker was born in Denver, Colorado, on March 12, 1946. [1] He then moved to California and attended Santa Monica City College in Santa Monica, California, where he majored in theatrical arts. In 1966, he received honors for his performance as the Cowardly Lion in the college's theater production of The Wizard of Oz. [2] During his transition between college and his voice-acting career, his first voice-over role was in a commercial for Friskies dog food. The producer's girlfriend informed him of auditioning for Hanna-Barbera during the casting of Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!, where he initially auditioned for the title character (and, according to Casey Kasem, the role of Shaggy Rogers, as well) [3] but instead won the role of Fred Jones. [4]Career [ edit]Voice-acting career [ edit]Welker's first voice role came in 1969, as Fred Jones in the Scooby-Doo franchise. Since 2002, he has provided the voice of both Fred Jones and Scooby-Doo. Welker has voiced Fred in every series and incarnation of the Scooby-Doo animated franchise, with the exception of A Pup Named Scooby-Doo. [5]His next major character voice was for Wonder Dog (which was inspired by Scooby-Doo) and Marvin White on the 1973 series Super Friends (also produced by Hanna-Barbera). That same year, he played Pudge and Gabby on De Patie-Freleng Enterprises ' animated series Bailey's Comets. Welker continued to provide voices for many characters for Hanna-Barbera for several years, which include Jabberjaw, Dynomutt, Dog Wonder, and the Shmoo in The New Fred and Barney Show and its spin-off, The Flintstones Comedy Show. Frank Welker described the voice he used for the Shmoo as "a bubble voice" (one he would later use for Gogo Dodo in Tiny Toon Adventures ). In 1978, he played the title character on Fangface and later in its spin-off, Fangface and Fangpuss, and also voiced Heckle and Jeckle and Quackula on The New Adventures of Mighty Mouse and Heckle & Jeckle, and Droopy on The Tom and Jerry Comedy Show. During the 1980s and 1990s, Welker became a very busy actor, providing the voice for many popular cartoon characters in multiple series, including Brain, Doctor Claw, and M. A
Chemical Characteristics Chemical Characteristics Fatty Acids Free Fatty Acids (FFA) and Acidity Polyphenols (Antioxidants)Peroxides Pigments and Color Vitamins Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons (PAHs)Freezing Pointp HOther Information Sources Olive oil is composed mainly of triacylglycerols (triglycerides or fats) and contains small quantities of free fatty acids (FFA), glycerol, phosphatides, pigments, flavor compounds, sterols, and microscopic bits of olive. Triacylglycerols are the major energy reserve for plants and animals. Chemically speaking, these are molecules derived from the natural esterification of three fatty acid molecules with a glycerol molecule. The glycerol molecule can simplistically be seen as an "E-shaped" molecule, with the fatty acids in turn resembling longish hydrocarbon chains, varying (in the case of olive oil) from about 14 to 24 carbon atoms in length. FATTY ACIDS Please note that we are dealing here with fatty acids forming part of the triacylglycerol molecule. We will address the free fatty acids in the next section. The fatty acid composition of olive oil varies widely depending on the cultivar, maturity of the fruit, altitude, climate, and several other factors. A fatty acid has the general formula: CH3 (CH2)n COOH where n is typically an even number between 12 and 22. If no double bonds are present the molecule is called a saturated fatty acid. If a chain contains double bonds, it is called an unsaturated fatty acid. A single double bond makes a monounsaturated fatty acid. More than one double bond makes a polyunsaturated fatty acid. The major fatty acids in olive oil triacylglycerols are: Oleic Acid (C18:1), a monounsaturated omega-9 fatty acid. It makes up 55 to 83% of olive oil. Linoleic Acid (C18:2), a polyunsaturated omega-6 fatty acid that makes up about 3.5 to 21% of olive oil. Palmitic Acid (C16:0), a saturated fatty acid that makes up 7.5 to 20% of olive oil. Stearic Acid (C18:0), a saturated fatty acid that makes up 0.5 to 5% of olive oil. Linolenic Acid (C18:3) (specifically alpha-Linolenic Acid), a polyunsaturated omega-3 fatty acid that makes up 0 to 1.5% of olive oil. Triacylglycerols are normally composed of a mixture of three fatty acids. Most prevalent in olive oil is the oleic-oleic-oleic (OOO) triacylglycerol, followed, in order of incidence, by palmitic-oleic-oleic (POO), then oleic-oleic-linoleic (OOL), then palmitic-oleic-linoleic (POL), then stearic-oleic-oleic (SOO), and so on. Olive oil contains more oleic acid and less linoleic and linolenic acids than other vegetable oils, that is, more monounsaturated than polyunsaturated fatty acids. This renders olive oil more resistant to oxidation because generally, the greater the number of double bonds in the fatty acid, the more unstable and easily broken down by heat, light, and other factors the oil is. It is generally accepted that cooler regions (e.g. Tuscany) will yield oil with higher oleic acid than warmer climates. That is, a cool region olive oil may be more monounsaturated in content than a warm region oil. Trans Fatty Acids Note that olive oil has no trans fatty acids . When oil is partially hydrogenated, it can be in the “cis” or “trans” conformation; this refers to which side of the fatty acid double bond the hydrogen is on. Olive oil is not a trans fatty acid because it has not been partially hydrogenated in a factory to make it solid at room temperature like margarine has. Long Chain Fatty Acids Long chain fatty acids have from 12 to 20 carbon atoms. The primary fatty acids in olive oil are all long chain fatty acids. Very long-chain fatty acids have greater than 20 carbon atoms. These tend to be more solid at room temperature, such as waxes. There are not appreciable amounts of these in olive oil. Percentage of Linolenic Acid Allowed in Olive Oil Regarding the polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), there is a wide range acceptable for extra virgin olive oil, however the linolenic acid has to be less than 0.9% per the International Olive Oil Council (IOOC) guidelines. Higher levels, e.g. 1.5%, do not prese
You may be interested in my old answer: [When did it become the social norm/standard for women to shave their legs completely?](_URL_0_) There is much more to be said, as it's quite short, but this subject has not been studied in detail (as far as I'm aware). As I stated in the answer, a lot of people name WWII as the time of change because it's just "known".
Treasure Island Hotel and Casino (July 2007). Treasure Island Hotel & Casino (also known as  TI ) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, USA with 2,664 rooms and 220 suites, and is connected by tram to The Mirage as well as pedestrian bridge to the Fashion Show Mall shopping center. Treasure Island appears in the video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. 2  In the game it is called Pirates in Mens Pants (a pun referencing Pirates of Penzance). 3  In the movie Knocked Up, Ben (Seth Rogen) and Pete (Paul Rudd) see Mystere mystère By cirque Du soleil At Treasure island during their road trip To Las.  vegas
OK -- please explain LBP to me. I got it because of the rave reviews but never had much of a chance to play it. I was considering getting LBP2 but figured I should at least play LBP for a bit first, and, quite frankly, I don't get it. I have seen the awesome videos, etc., but playing the story mode is not fun. The controls are sloppy, playing with other people often results in AFKs or idiots . . . what exactly am I missing here?
What Makes Vitality Medical Your First Choice Save with Vitality Medical!We have lowered all our Enteral Nutrition Products to wholesale pricing. Introducing Auto-Reorder!Easy to manage recurring orders with FREE SHIPPING on orders over $25!Shop Categories Incontinence Adult Diapers »Incontinence Pads, Guards & Liners »Underpads, Bed Pads & Chair Pads »Incontinence Care »More in Incontinence »Ostomy Supplies1 Piece Ostomy Bags »2 Piece Ostomy Bags »Ostomy Skin Care »Ostomy Accessories »Oxygen Concentrators Portable Oxygen Concentrators »Home Oxygen Concentrators »Oxygen Concentrator Rentals »Oxygen Accessories »Urinary Supplies Catheters »Urinary Accessories »Urine Bags »Wound Care Tape »Bandages »Gauze »First Aid »More in Wound Care »Exam Gloves - Latex/Nitrile/Vinyl Latex Gloves »Vinyl Gloves »Nitrile Gloves »Glove Dispensers »Nebulizers / Compressors Nebulizer Compressors »Portable Nebulizers »Nebulizers »Nebulizer Filters »More in Nebulizers / Compressors »Home Care Furniture, Beds, Mattresses, Rails & Accessories Hospital Beds »Bed Rails »Bed Accessories »Mattresses »Impotence Penis Pump »Lubricants and Sealing Gels »Tension Bands/Penis Rings »Enteral Feeding Feeding Pump Sets »Feeding Pumps »Feeding Tubes »Tube Liquid Feedings »Shop Top Products Coban Tape Self Adherent Wrap3MStarting at: $0.92TENDERSORB Disposable Underpads Covidien Starting at: $0.11Primer Unna Boot Dressing Derma Sciences Starting at: $4.83Calmoseptine Ointment Calmoseptine Starting at: $0.61Halyard Purple Nitrile Exam Gloves Powder-Free (fka KC500)Kimberly Clark Starting at: $10.06TENA Super Briefs Super Absorbency SCAStarting at: $17.82Inogen One G3 Portable Oxygen Concentrator with Lithium Ion Battery Inogen Starting at:$2,495.00NUTREN® 1.0Nestle Starting at: $0.96Encore Impo Aid Battery Vacuum Erection Penis Pump (OTC)Encore Starting at:$108.00Invacare Full-Electric Hospital Bed Invacare As low as: $670.00GF Lumex Patriot Hospital Bed - US0458Graham-Field As low as: $589.50Body Up Evolution Transfer Lift Chair (IN STOCK! )Veziris Healthcare Starting at:$1,999.00BOOST® Nutritional Drink Nestle Starting at: $1.20GF Patriot LX Full Electric Hospital Bed Graham-Field As low as: $607.50Matrix 4000 Full Electric Hospital Bed Bundle - Institutional Use Only Graham-Field As low as:$1,618.68Zenith 9000 Bed Full Electric Long Term Care - Institutional Use Only Graham-Field As low as:$1,914.87Zenith 7000 Bed Full Electric Long Term Care - Institutional Use Only Graham-Field As low as:$1,936.88Liberty Full Electric Long Term Care Hospital Bed - Institutional Use Only Graham-Field As low as:$1,199.99Invacare Full Electric Bariatric Bed with Adjustable Width Invacare As low as: $24.99Invacare 5310IVC Semi-Electric Hospital Bed Bundle Invacare As low as: $593.00Shop Top Brands View All Brands FAST SHIPPINGWe ship from HUNDREDS of warehouses across the United States. Many of our products ship for FREE or have a minimal shipping cost. SIMPLE RETURNSOur simple return process can easily be done through our website. Visit the return's center for more information. EASY ORDERWe are continually upgrading our site based on feedback we receive from you. We want to be your One Stop Shop for all your Vitality needs!Huge Selection, Low Prices, Best Service Vitality Medical has one of the largest selections of any medical supply store. We have been the best place to buy hospital and home medical supplies online since 2000. Let us Add Vitality to Your Life with our low prices, variety and quality. Make us your one stop shop for medical supplies online and more. We carry over 100,000 products from hundreds of different brands -- you will find what you need. We understand how difficult it can be to find many medical supplies and even once they are found it is hard to know which product will be the best choice. At Vitality Medical our large selection lets you compare different brands and leave knowing that you'll get what best fits your needs. How We Do It We ship from a national network of warehouses that stock top brands from U. S. and global manufacturers. This means you
What is the best DSLR remote control software for a Canon 5D mkii? I've experimented with the EOS utility that comes with the mkii but there is one thing i can't get around.  The program doesn't allow saving the shots to the CF card (only) when remote shooting photos.  The two options require downloading to the computer which takes 5 seconds between shots.  Is there a program that allows for interval timer shooting that only stores the images on the card (effectively annulling the 5 second wait time)?  Thanks in advance r/photography.

edit: clarity

edit:  thanks for the suggestions.  It seems what I need is an intervalometer.
Hurricane Fico Hurricane Fico was the longest-lived hurricane of the 1978 Pacific hurricane season and became the longest-lasting Pacific hurricane on record, a record broken by Hurricane Tina fourteen years later. The sixth tropical storm, fourth hurricane, and third major hurricane, Fico developed from a tropical disturbance off the Pacific coast of Mexico on July 9. It moved northwestward and then westward, quickly reaching peak winds of 140 mph (220 km/h) on July 12. Moving nearly due westward, the intensity of Fico fluctuated from Category 1 to Category 4 status on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane scale for the following days, and it passed about 170 miles (275 km) south of Hawaii on July 20 with winds of 115 mph (185 km/h). Fico slowly weakened as it turned to the northwest over cooler waters, and became an extratropical cyclone on July 28 to the northeast of Midway Island.
- The primary goal of financial management is to increase the market value of the owners equity . for non profit organization this goal would need modified . one suggestion wou…ld be to maximize the value of the service rendered to society given the resources available to the organization.
Traditionally, subspecies are seen as geographically isolated and genetically differentiated populations. That is, "the designation 'subspecies' is used to indicate an objective degree of microevolutionary divergence" One objection to this idea is that it does not specify what degree of differentiation is required. Therefore, any population that is somewhat biologically different could be considered a subspecies, even to the level of a local population. As a result, Templeton has argued that it is necessary to impose a threshold on the level of difference that is required for a population to be designated a subspecies.
Powerbook forsale
The Blog 22Oct2013What is Krokodil? Krokodil, a flesh-eating morphine derivative intended to imitate the effects of heroin, has been attracting international intention for its devastating flesh-eating effects. Krokodil is easily made with common household chemicals. It includes codeine and a combination of iodine, paint thinner, lighter fluid and hydrochloric acid that only need to be cooked for 30 minutes. Although its short-term effects are pleasant – a heroin-type high sans nausea – repeated exposure causes users’ skin to become scaly, then rots their flesh from the inside out. The average lifespan of a krokodil user is 2-3 years. The drug, a homemade variant of desomorphine, has sedative and analgesic properties similar to those of morphine. Desomorphine was originally patented in 1932 by Frederick Small Lyndon, after which it was widely distributed in Switzerland under the brand name Permonid. Although krokodil was developed decades ago, it has only gained notoriety in the past few years – not until this past month has krokodil shown up in the United States. The krokodil trend first took off in Russia, where a stuttering economy has caused widespread clandestine manufacturing of the drug in order to meet demand for a cheap heroin substitute. Opiate addiction is rampant in Russia, partially because of its proximity to Afghanistan. The Huffington Post reports that Afghanistan provides Russia’s 2.5 million heroin addicts with 70 tons of heroin each year – accounting for more than 20 percent of annual global drug consumption. Many of the country’s poor, seeking an affordable way to sustain their addiction, have turned to krokodil as a heroin substitute. The drug is especially pervasive among homeless people and prostitution rings. New York’s Office of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse Services estimates that 1 million Russians now use krokodil, equivalent to 40 percent of the Russian population already addicted to heroin. Krokodil is deceptively lethal. Many users falsely assume that the cooking process removes impurities from the drug. This is not true. Even after cooking, the drug retains chemicals that almost immediately cause the body to deteriorate. The drug’s use is most prevalent among poor people already addicted to hard drugs. Because the krokodil trend is relatively new, health professionals do not fully understand the drug’s long-term effects. They continue to investigate as new victims are hospitalized. However, because krokodil is usually homemade and has ingredients that vary by manufacturer, the effects of krokodil will vary case-by-case.– Matt Berg Sources: Espacenet, Huffington Post 1, Huffington Post 2, OASAS, LA Times Photo: The Parallax Brief Tags: Afghanistan, Drug, Drug Trafficking, Krokodil, Russia Related Entries National Solidarity Program Creates Infrastructure... Russian Healthcare Declines Education in Georgia: Strategy and Actio...10 Facts About the War in Donbass 
What three us states do not observe daylight saving time? Arizona(with the exception of the Navajo Nation) and Hawaii are the only states in the U.S that do not observe DST. The U.S. territories of Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Guam a … nd American Samoa also do not observe DST.
OLED stands for Organic Light Emitting Diode. The "organic" part of that means carbon-containing molecules that are used to make the light instead of silicon chips. The particular molecules used in OLEDs tend to be air-sensitive, so when the screen cracks, they chemically react with the air and degrade until they don't work anymore.
Distance from Highland Park, IL to Winnetka, IL There are 6.06 miles from Highland Park to Winnetka in southeast direction and 6 miles (9.66 kilometers) by car, following the Green Bay Road route. Highland Park and Winnetka are 10 minutes far apart, if you drive non-stop. This is the fastest route from Highland Park, IL to Winnetka, IL. The halfway point is Glencoe, IL. Highland Park, IL and Winnetka, IL are in the same time zone (CDT). Current time in both locations is 10:05 am.
cocoa powder conversion cocoa powder conversion Breadcrumbs: main menu • cocoa powder menu • Tablespoons Amount: 1 tablespoon (tbsp) of cocoa powder volume Equals: 7.38 grams (g) in cocoa powder masscocoa powder from tablespoon to gram Conversion Results: Enter a New tablespoon Amount of cocoa powder to Convert From* Whole numbers, decimals or fractions (ie: 6, 5.33, 17 3/8) * Precision is how many numbers after decimal point (1 - 9)Enter Your Amount : Decimal Precision : Work out grams of cocoa powder per 1 tablespoon unit. The cocoa powder converter for bakers, culinary arts baking classes. TOGGLE : from grams into tablespoons in the other way around. CONVERT : between other cocoa powder measuring units - complete list. Conversion calculator for webmasters. Cocoa is the same as cacao Cocoa powder is also called cacao powder, it's the same thing just different spelling sometimes used. Here is a conversion tool for all flour types for those who need it. Convert cocoa powder culinary measuring units between tablespoon (tbsp) and grams (g) of cocoa powder but in the other direction from grams into tablespoons. Culinary and bakery arts school: cocoa powder conversion This online culinary cocoa powder from tbsp into g converter is a handy tool not only for experienced certified professionals in baking businesses and skilled bakers in state of the industry's bakeries model. Other applications of this cocoa powder converter are ... With the above mentioned units converting service it provides, this cocoa powder converter also proved to be useful as a teaching tool and for practising tablespoons and grams ( tbsp vs. g ) conversion exercises by new culinarians and students (in classrooms, online courses or at home kitchens) who have been learning this particular baking mastery art in culinary colleges, in schools of culinary arts and all other kinds of culinary training for converting weights and liquid/fluid volume measurements as well as dietary food value contained in cocoa powder with its nutritional values for what we eat (and drink. )Unit symbols used by international culinary educational institutions and bakery training for these two cocoa powder measures are: Prefix or abbreviation ( abbr. ) brevis - short unit symbol for tablespoon is: tbsp Prefix or abbreviation ( abbr. short brevis ) unit symbol for gram is: g One tablespoon of cocoa powder converted to gram equals to 7.38 g How many grams of cocoa powder are in 1 tablespoon? The answer is: The change of 1 tbsp ( tablespoon ) unit in a cocoa powder measure equals = into 7.38 g ( gram ) as per the equivalent measure and for the same cocoa powder type. Professional people always ensure, and their success in fine baking depends on, they get the most precise units conversion results in measuring their ingredients. In speciality baking a measure of cocoa powder can be crucial. If there is an exact measure in tbsp - tablespoons for cocoa powder, it's the rule in culinary or bakery career, that the tablespoon portion number gets converted into g - grams of cocoa powder absolutely exactly. It's like an insurance for the master baker for having always all the products baked perfectly. Oven info & galleries Home Page Oven building CDrom details Pizza ovens New gallery Oven meals Vintage forum Rectangle shape vs. round igloo Building details Refractory concrete Heat resistant mortar Concrete cladding layer Thermal insulation Fire-bricks Fire-clay Saving money & time Good thermometer Oven building 1Building oven 2Tutorials Unit measures conversion Oven tutorials Pizza A to ZWhen is oven hot? Pizza dough Oven cooking Roasting coffee Firing oven Maintenance Work & safety3G MTo Food additives Healthy Papaya L-lysine & food Building oven 4Contact form & My Profile My wish list Consulting help Site map Jamie and Katrina's brick oven with temperature gauge, in Victoria. Baking sourdough breads in quantity in Canada Wood oven and meats cold smoker by Reinhard in Clearwater, Florida 
Sam Sweg Ministries Sam Sweg Ministries0 Reviews1185 Bear Creek Trl Victor, Montana 59875 (406) 642-3765Print | Save | Directions About Sam Sweg Ministries is located at the address 1185 Bear Creek Trl in Victor, Montana 59875. They can be contacted via phone at (406) 642-3765 for pricing, hours and directions. For maps and directions to Sam Sweg Ministries view the map to the right. For reviews of Sam Sweg Ministries see below. Information CONTACT INFORMATIONPhone: (406) 642-3765CATEGORIES: Professional Services People Also Viewed Stillifeimages110 Pistol Ln Victor, Montana 59875Thomas R Stewart1467 Meridian Rd Victor, Montana 59875Rge Enterprises121 Big Creek Dr Victor, Montana 59875Stevens Curley1118 Meridian Rd Victor, Montana 59875M & M Water Service515 3rd Ave Victor, Montana 59875Gayles Sales Lc1138 Meridian Rd Victor, Montana 59875Reviews Add Click here to be the first to review this business...0 Reviews 
The Watercolor "The Watercolor (Tr: Suluboya)" is a 2009 Turkish animated film, directed by Cihat Hazardağlı. The film went on nationwide general release on November 13, 2009.
Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick by Lego versions of Steven Spielberg (wearing an "E.T. II" hat) and George Lucas, who nod at each other as the movie ends and give each other a high-five with a whip crack. Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick (2008) is a 3-D computer-animated Lego short film that directed by Peder Pedersen. It combines details from all four "Indiana Jones" features into one continuous adventure with a humorous twist, and includes several inside-jokes for fans of both the "Indiana Jones" films and the "Star Wars" series.
Japanese New Year an animal. The animals are, in order: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig. 2008 was the year of the Rat, 2009 Ox, 2010 Tiger, 2011 Rabbit, 2012 Dragon, and 2013 was the year of the Snake. Famous characters like Snoopy, (2006) and other cartoon characters like Mickey and Minnie Mouse, (2008) have been especially popular in their celebrated years. Addressing is generally done by hand, and is an opportunity to demonstrate one's handwriting (see "shodō"). The postcards may have spaces for the sender to write a personal message. Blank cards are available, so
Marsupial From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the mammals. For frogs, see Marsupial frog. Marsupials [1] [2]Temporal range: Paleocene – Holocene, 65–0 Ma PreЄ Є O S D C P T J K Pg NScientific classification Kingdom: Animalia Phylum: Chordata Class: Mammalia Clade: Metatheria Infraclass: Marsupialia Illiger, 1811Orders Ameridelphia Didelphimorphia Paucituberculata Australidelphia Microbiotheria Dasyuromorphia Peramelemorphia Notoryctemorphia Diprotodontia† Yalkaparidontia Present-day distribution of marsupials. Marsupials are any members of the mammalian infraclass Marsupialia. All extant marsupials are endemic to Australasia and the Americas. A distinctive characteristic common to these species is that most of the young are carried in a pouch. Well-known marsupials include kangaroos, wallabies, koalas, possums, opossums, wombats, and Tasmanian devils. Some lesser-known marsupials are the potoroo and the quokka. Marsupials represent the clade originating from the last common ancestor of extant metatherians. Like other mammals in the Metatheria, they give birth to relatively undeveloped young that often reside in a pouch located on their mothers’ abdomen for a certain amount of time. Close to 70% of the 334 extant species occur on the Australian continent (the mainland, Tasmania, New Guinea and nearby islands). The remaining 100 are found in the Americas — primarily in South America, but thirteen in Central America, and one in North America, north of Mexico. The word marsupial comes from marsupium, the technical term for the abdominal pouch. It, in turn, is borrowed from Latin and ultimately from the ancient Greek μάρσιππος, which means "pouch. "Contents [ hide ]1 Taxonomy2 Anatomy2.1 Description2.2 Reproductive system3 Evolution4 See also5 Notes6 References7 Further reading8 External links Taxonomy [ edit]Taxonomically, the two primary divisions of Marsupialia are American marsupials ( Ameridelphia) and Australian marsupials ( Australidelphia ). [1] [2] The order Microbiotheria (which has only one species, the monito del monte) is found in South America, but is believed to be more closely related to Australian marsupials. DNA evidence supports a South American origin for marsupials, with Australian marsupials arising from a single Gondwanan migration of marsupials from South America to Australia. [3] [4] There are many small arboreal species in each group. The term " opossum " is used to refer to American species (though "possum" is a common diminutive), while similar Australian species are properly called "possums".†Extinct Superorder Ameridelphia Order Didelphimorphia (93 species)Family Didelphidae: opossums Order Paucituberculata (seven species)Family Caenolestidae: shrew opossums Superorder Australidelphia Order Microbiotheria (one species)Family Microbiotheriidae: monito del monte Order † Yalkaparidontia ( incertae sedis)Order Dasyuromorphia (75 species)Family † Thylacinidae: thylacine Family Dasyuridae: antechinuses, quolls, dunnarts, Tasmanian devil, and relatives Family Myrmecobiidae: numbat Order Notoryctemorphia (two species)Family Notoryctidae: marsupial moles Order Peramelemorphia (24 species)Family Thylacomyidae: bilbies Family †Chaeropodidae: pig-footed bandicoot Family Peramelidae: bandicoots and allies Order Diprotodontia (137 species)Family Phascolarctidae: koalas Family Vombatidae: wombats Family † Diprotodontidae: diprotodon Family Phalangeridae: brushtail possums and cuscuses Family † Palorchestidae Marsupial tapirs Family Burramyidae: pygmy possums Family Tarsipedidae: honey possum Family Petauridae: striped possum, Leadbeater's possum, yellow-bellied glider, sugar glider, mahogany glider, squirrel glider Family Pseudocheiridae: ringtailed possums and relatives Family Potoroidae: potoroos, rat kangaroos, bettongs Family Acrobatidae: feathertail glider and feather-tailed possum Family Hypsiprymnodontidae: musky rat-kangaroo Family Macropodidae: kangaroos, wallabies, and relatives Family † Thylacoleonidae: marsupial lions Marsupialia Didelphimorphia Paucitubercul
Water stains dry up because the water eventually evaporates away. Meanwhile the boiling point of most oils are much higher, around 300 C. Oils evaporate very, very slowly at normal temperatures and pressures, if at all.
The Heart Key Points. 1  The pericardium is a mesothelium tissue of the thoracic cavity which surrounds the heart. The outer layer, the fibrous pericardium, is comprised of dense connective tissue that protects the heart, anchors it to the surrounding walls, and prevents it from overfilling.
Spielberg's films often deal with several recurring themes. Most of his films deal with ordinary characters searching for or coming in contact with extraordinary beings or finding themselves in extraordinary circumstances. In an AFI interview in August 2000 Spielberg commented on his interest in the possibility of extra terrestrial life and how it has influenced some of his films. Spielberg described himself as feeling like an alien during childhood, and his interest came from his father, a science fiction fan, and his opinion that aliens would not travel light years for conquest, but instead curiosity and sharing of knowledge.
What is causing my leg pain? Health General Health Care Pain & Pain Management What is causing my leg pain? Hi there...since i cannot get my doctor to understand...here it goes...for the last year...every time i sit or lay down etc....for say 20minutes or more, when i get up my legs hurt the way they would if i had been running for a few miles...the closest i can describe it is that they feel like muscles feel when the... show more1 following 3 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: You don't say exactly where the pain is, but I think you should perhaps consider all possibilities and rule them out one by one. So, what is there in your leg that could cause pain? My guesses would be nerve damage, circulation, muscle or bone, to begin with. You could try Web MD. I found it very useful in diagnosis. If you could be a bit more (or a lot more) precise about where the pain is, it would help us. Black Sal · 9 years ago0 0 Comment Asker's rating Keep an eye on this and if the pain, weakness or tingling continues it may be the beginning of DVT. A vascular surgeon can perform a Doppler ultra scan test and identify the problem. This is very painful and pain pills do not help. I have had it for over 2 years and the doctor was slow to diagnose it until I was in critical shape. Mine started with a sudden onset of calf pain and leg swelling. The pain was worse when the leg was hanging down. There was warmth to the area because the veins were inflamed. I am on coumidin (warfarin) as a blood thinner. Usually when they say 6 months, they mean for the rest of your life. The blood thinner does not resolve the current clot problem, but supposedly keeps new clots from forming. Deep vein thrombosis, or DVT, is caused by a blood clot in a muscle and can be life-threatening. Symptoms include swelling, pain, and tenderness in the legs. Risk factors include immobility, hormone therapy, and pregnancy. DVTs can occur anywhere in the body but are most frequently found in the deep veins of the legs, thighs, and pelvis. They may infrequently arise from the upper extremities usually because of trauma, or from an indwelling catheter (tubing) or device. A deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is a condition wherein a blood clot (thrombus) forms in a vein of the deep system. Thrombophlebitis is a condition in which there is both inflammation and a blood clot in a vein. Thrombophlebitis can occur in either superficial or deep veins. Superficial thrombophlebitis occurs in veins close to the skin surface, and usually causes pain, swelling, and redness in the area of the vein. Superficial thrombophlebitis usually is treated with heat, elevation of the affected leg or arm, and anti–inflammatory medications. A thrombosis in a deep vein is a much more serious problem than one in a superficial vein. The reason for this is that a piece of the clot in deep vein from a DVT can break off and travel through the deep veins back to the heart, and eventually be pumped by the heart into the arteries of the lung. When this happens, the condition is called pulmonary embolism (PE). The blood clot is called an embolus (plural emboli), and the process of breaking off and traveling to the lungs is called embolism. Narcotics didn’t help my pain. I now take Tizanidine 4mg 5/day and Lyrica Cv 100 mg 3/day. This helps the nerve pain and I can walk some now. I am feeling much better pain wise. Tom C · 9 years ago1 0 Commentits probably your legs telling you they are worn out. No biggie, just keep excercising if you stop they will hurt when you go back, switch it up, work your legs one day then do upper body the next. Also if its just discomfort look into restless leg syndrome (RLS) I have that. its because i was so active and then i layed in a hospital bed for 3 months, now anytime i sit or lay down they tingle twitch cramp, just about everything. its not agonizing just annoying. Amanda B · 9 years ago0 0 Comment Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Find the best luxury cars Need Home Equity Loan Options? Look For Franchises For Sale Compare Health Insuranc
DID Mary Kingsley have children? Answered In Explorers and Expeditions DID Mary Kingsley have children?no mary kingsley was not married so she could not have children. Answered In Explorers and Expeditions What country did Mary Kingsley represent? She represented Britain Answered In Travel & Places Did Mary Kingsley get buried at sea? Yes, Mary Kingsley got buried at sea. It was one of her wishes.jack Wise 281,232 Contributions Answered In Explorers and Expeditions How many children did Mary Kingsley have? None, she never married. Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In Authors, Poets, and Playwrights What has the author Mary Kingsley written? Mary Kingsley has written: 'Prayers and Seven Contemplations of the Sacred Mother' 'Phoenix: Travels In West Africa' 'A maddening minx' 'Travels in West Africa, edited … 
How Much Does a Dental Bridge Cost? 1 On average, the cost of dental bridge can be anywhere from $400 to $2,000 per tooth without insurance. 2  This price is all going to depend on the location, the cost of the lab, type of materials used, as well as the condition of the teeth.3  Keep in mind that the average bridge is going to require more than one tooth. According to the website AboutCosmeticDentistry.com, the average cost of a dental bridge could cost anywhere from $250 to as much as $550 for each attaching wing.
Mel B Barlow and Tulisa Contostavlos. In Summer 2012, Brown reunited with the Spice Girls for a one off performance at the 2012 Summer Olympics Closing Ceremony in London, performing on top of London Cabs to a medley of two of their best known hits, Wannabe and Spice Up Your Life. The performance was the most tweeted about moment from the whole ceremony. Later the year, the Spice Girls reunited again to launch and attend the premiere of Viva Forever! (Musical). In March 2013,it was confirmed that Brown would judge "Australia's Got Talent" along with fellow Brit Dawn French. The same month,
To deal with the second question first: There was no such thing as midshipmen in the 1300s and 1400s, those would have been much later inventions.  For the first question: In the English and French navies, dried meat and stockfish, as well as bread (biscuit) and cured or dried vegetables would have been standard fare. Ships would carry fresh water, but also beer and wine, as well as regional foods; N.A.M. Rodger's *The Safeguard of the Sea* has a throwaway reference I've been meaning to look up about the "astonishing quantities" of mustard carried on Burgundian ships.  I don't know anything in particular about the Spanish or Portuguese caravels, but the same principle would likely apply: foods that can be dried or cured, with fresh stuff in port.
In this paper we adopt general sum stochas tic games as a framework for multiagent re inforcement learning Our work extends pre vious work by Littman on zero sum stochas tic games to a broader framework We de sign a multiagent Q learning method under this framework and prove that it converges to a Nash equilibrium under speci ed condi tions This algorithm is useful for nding the optimal strategy when there exists a unique Nash equilibrium in the game When there exist multiple Nash equilibria in the game this algorithm should be combined with other learning techniques to nd optimal strategies
Because you lose water through sweat, the minimum water intake is a hard minimum. You can go longer without eating because your body can turn to fat stores/muscle mass for energy.
I dont know if this is completely true or not but from some education of mine and a little research this is what might be happening. There is a part of the brain called the [Homunculus](_URL_0_). The Homonculus is predominantly made up of the pre-central and post-central gyrus. the Pre-central gyrus controls motor functions, or voluntary movements, and the post-central gyrus interprets the sensory information coming into the brain. Different parts of these gyri(pre and post central) control very specific parts of the body. The theory behind why so many people develop foot fetishes is because the genital and foot regions within the post-central gyrus are right next to eachother, so when there is stimulation to the genitals there is a close association with the feet. I dont think this is necessarily 100% true but it was still funny in a nerdy way. I'm sure it will be gold one day at the bar over beers or something.
What were the major effects of the cambodia earthquake, and how do these effects compare to the Concepcion earthquake in 1835?
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Great Lakes Waterway upbound direction is away from the St. Lawrence River (westerly or northerly except in Lake Michigan where upbound is southerly). Channels are marked with navigation buoys in constricted areas and pilots are required on foreign boats. Recreational boats can use or cross the ship channels, but the large boats, with limited maneuverability, have right of way. Map of the North American Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence Seaway from 1959, depicting the entire length beginning at the Gulf of Saint Lawrence in the east to the western-most terminus at Lake Superior. Great Lakes Waterway The Great Lakes Waterway is a
Meanings of the word Islam
This comment is not toxic.
To Rinse or Not to Rinse Beans, THAT is the Question January 29, 2008 at 10:00 am. Canned beans are a good solid substitute for the real thing, and the liquid they are stored in remove the need to soak the beans. a real time saver. HOWEVER, you need to rinse the beans in cold water before using! The recipe likely says not to drain the beans because it needs the fluids.
All steps shown as pass before protractor cucumber execution
Structuring an introduction, a paragraph and a conclusion Remember that most introductions will be about 10% of the final essay and will include some or all of the following: 1  An introduction to the context or background of the topic (you could include interesting facts or quotations). 2  The reason for writing about this topic.
. Top definition Waifu A term coined by Otaku and Weeaboo alike for their 2D significant others; predominantly anime and video game characters. A Waifu, in contrast to a harem, is the love between one man and his one and only Waifu. You treat your Waifu with the utmost respect and courtesy and most refuse to even fap to their beloved, seeing the act as an insult to the non-existent woman they have committed themselves to. A spin-off term "Husbando" followed for Fujioshi who feel similarly towards male characters. Not even a missing dimension will keep you from your glorious waifu - The Melbourne MX Newspaper#waifu #husbando #weeaboo #otaku #fujioshi #anime #manga #gameby Chenoan March 25, 20115666 1056The Urban Dictionary Mug One side has the word, one side has the definition. Microwave and dishwasher safe. Lotsa space for your liquids. Buy the mug 
Creatinine Serum creatinine (a blood measurement) is an important indicator of renal health because it is an easily measured byproduct of muscle metabolism that is excreted unchanged by the kidneys.erum creatinine (a blood measurement) is an important indicator of renal health because it is an easily measured byproduct of muscle metabolism that is excreted unchanged by the kidneys.
What Is the Largest Planet in the Solar System? Science Astronomy Planets Q: What Is the Largest Planet in the Solar System? A: Quick Answer Jupiter is the largest planet in the solar system, with a radius of 43,441 miles. That is more than 10 times Earth's 3,359-mile radius, but it is also about 16 times smaller than the Sun's radius. Mercury is the smallest planet in the solar system with a radius of 1,516 miles. Continue Reading Keep Learning What Is the Smallest Planet in the Solar System? What Is the Heaviest Planet in the Solar System? Which Is the Largest Planet in Our Solar System? Full Answer Keep in mind that when planets are compared by radius, it tends to understate the immense difference in size. Small differences in the radius of a sphere correspond to enormous differences in total volume. Three Earths could fit inside Jupiter's famous red spot alone, and 1,400 Earths could fit inside the entire planet. Learn more about Planets Sources: solarsystem.nasa.gov education.nationalgeographic.com Related Questions Q: What Is the Smallest Planet in Our Solar System? A: Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system; Jupiter is the largest. Pluto was once considered to be the smallest planet, but since Pluto is no longe... Full Answer >Filed Under: Planets Q: How Fast Does Jupiter Rotate? A: Jupiter rotates at a speed of 28,273 miles per hour, making it the fastest rotating planet in the solar system. Unlike other planets, Jupiter is mainly mad... Full Answer >Filed Under: Planets Q: How Big Is Mercury? A: Mercury has a radius of 2,439.7 kilometers, making it smaller than some moons and the smallest planet in the solar system. Its mass is equal to 0.055 of Ea... Full Answer >Filed Under: Planets Q: When Can Jupiter Be Seen at Night? A: Jupiter, the largest planet in the solar system, is most visible when it reaches opposition to the sun every 398.9 days on average. In March 2014, the plan... Full Answer >Filed Under: Planets You May Also Like Q: What Is Saturn's Mass? Q: What Is It Called When the Earth Makes a Complete Orbit Around the Sun? Q: Does Planet Fitness Accept Cash Payments? Q: Does Pluto Have Craters? Q: How Far Is Mercury Away From the Sun? Q: What Are Planets Made Of? 
We present an algorithm for separating the local gradient information and Lambertian color by using 4-source color photometric stereo in the presence of highlights and shadows. We assume that the surface reflectance can be approximated by the sum of a Lambertian and a specular component. The conventional photometric method is generalized for color images. Shadows and highlights in the input images are detected using either spectral or directional cues and excluded from the recovery process, thus giving more reliable estimates of local surface parameters.
Love Will Tear Us Apart  (2013) Audience Reviews for Love Will Tear Us Apart. Another Chinese romance, this time directed by Li Weiran, just made it to the cable providers in China. Starring Feng Shaofeng (William Femg), Ni Ni, Niu Baoping and Zhou Dehua gives audience the assurance that is not a low budget movie which will be forgotten just after watching it.
FAQ: How Long Does Information Stay on My Credit Report? Luckily, there are set time frames for how long negative information remains on a credit report. In general, negative information more than seven years old from the date of last activity (ten years for bankruptcies) must be removed from your file.
Comets' tails are not produced by friction; they are produced by the solar wind. They don't trail behind the comet, but point radially outward from the Sun. Sometimes (when the comet is traveling away from the Sun) they precede the comet's motion.
The Red and the Black Jean-Paul Sartre's play "Les mains sales" (1948), the protagonist Hugo Barine suggests pseudonyms for himself, including "Julien Sorel", whom he resembles. In the afterword to her novel, "them", Joyce Carol Oates wrote that she had originally entitled the manuscript "Love and Money" as a nod to classic 19th-century novels, among them, "The Red and the Black", "whose class-conscious hero Julien Sorel is less idealistic, greedier, and crueler than Jules Wendell but is clearly his spiritual kinsman." A passage describing Julien Sorel's sexual indifference is deployed as the epigraph to Paul Schrader's screenplay of "American Gigolo", whose protagonist is also named
- Fallen arches , or flat feet, happen when the arches of the feet flatten out (often when standing or walking), causing foot pain and other problems. Flat feet can be treated with shoe inserts, shoe adjustments, rest, ice, using a walking cane or brace, or physical therapy. Sometimes surgery is necessary.
It has something to do with how our brains tag our memories, we create associations between things to help us remember better. This is why the storytelling technique works. If you need to remember a list, make up a story (perhaps even walking through your own house) that involves all of those items. Thus, when you're digging through your old stuff and find that one t-shirt, you'll remember that party you went to years ago. The brain associated those memories with that t-shirt. It put a query in, asking why is this t-shirt important to us, it return all of the memories that are tagged with that t-shirt.
Cervix Thickness During Pregnancy 1 Dilation During Pregnancy In the weeks preceding labor, your body undergoes many changes 2  ... Cervical Changes When Pregnant The cervix is the portion of a woman’s anatomy that joins the uterus to the vagina. ...  Open Cervix During Pregnancy The cervix is the opening to the womb or the uterus.
Crude oil is formed from the decayed remnants of aquatic plants and animals that lived hundreds of millions of years ago. Large portions of the modern day Middle East were once submerged under a large, now non-existent sea called the Tethys Sea.  This sea eventually disappeared, sealing large deposits of organic matter under a salty crust. Over the eons, this crust was in turn covered by layer upon layer of sediment. As the sediment was compressed under the increasing weight of the layers above, it hardened into limestone. About 15 million years ago, the shifting of tectonic plates of the region formed large, underground fissures. As the organic matter migrated through the layers of limestone, much of it seeped into these fissures.  These deposits of organic matter became crude oil.  **TL:DR:** The middle east was a huge ocean before that contained a lot of organic material, then it dried out and all the organic material died out and eventually became oil.
Java "tail -f" wrapper
Some good answers for 19th century imperial powers here: [How did 19th century socialists and communists feel about colonialism?](_URL_0_)
Meiosis Meiosis4.2.1 State that meiosis is a reduction division of a diploid nucleus to form haploid nuclei. Meiosis is a reduction division of a diploid nucleus to form haploid nuclei.4.2.2 Define homologous chromosomes. Homologous chromosomes: chromosomes with the same genes as each other, in the same sequence but do not necessarily have the same allele of those genes.4.2.3 Outline the process of meiosis, including pairing of homologous chromosomes and crossing over, followed by two divisions, which results in four haploid cells. Meiosis involves two divisions. Meiotic cells have an interphase stage before the start of meiosis I which is similar to mitosis. It includes G1, S and G2 phases. (See notes on mitosis) After meiosis I there is another brief interphase stage which is followed by meiosis II. Meiosis I The first stage of meiosis I is prophase I. In prophase I the chromosomes pair up so that the chromosomes in each pair are homologous. Once the homologous chromosomes are paired up, crossing over occurs. Crossing over is the exchange of genetic material between non-sister chromatids. The nuclear membrane also starts to break down and the spindle microtubules stretch out from each pole to the equator. The second stage is metaphase I. Here the paired up homologous chromosomes line up at the equator and the spindle fibbers attach to the chromosomes in a way that ensures that for each homologous pair, one chromosome moved to one pole and the other moves to the opposite pole. The third stage is anaphase I. This is the stage where the homologous chromosomes are separated and pulled to opposite poles. This halves the chromosome number however each chromosome is still composed of two sister chromatids. The cell membrane starts to prepare for its separation at the equator to form two cells. The fourth stage is telophase I. Here each chromosome from the homologous pair are found at opposite poles and the nuclear membrane reforms around each daughter nucleus. The membrane then divides through citokinesis. There is a brief interphase stage before the start of meiosis II. This stage does not include the S phase. Meiosis II The first stage of meiosis II is prophase II. Here the cell has divided into two daughter haploid cells however the process does not end here as these two cells immediately start to divide again. The spindle microtubules stretch out from each pole again and the nuclear membrane breaks down as in prophase I. The second stage is metaphase II. Here the chromosomes in each cell line up at the equator and the spindle microtubules attach to the centromere of each chromosome. The third stage is anaphase II. Here the centromere devised as a result of the spindle microtubules pulling each sister chromatid to opposite poles in both cells. Each sister chromatid then becomes a chromosome. The fourth stage is telophase II. Here the nuclear membrane reforms around the four sets of daughter chromosomes. Cytokinesis then follows to divide the cytoplasm of the two cells and so the result is four daughter cells each with a haploid set of chromosomes.4.2.4 Explain that non-disjunction can lead to changes in chromosome number, illustrated by reference to Down syndrome (trisomy 21). A number of problems can arise during meiosis. A common problem is non-disjunction. This is when the chromosomes do not separate properly during meiosis, either in meiosis I (in anaphase I) or meiosis II (in anaphase II). This leads the production of gametes that either have a chromosome too many or too few. Gametes with a missing chromosome usually die quite fast however gametes with an extra chromosome can survive. When a zygote is formed from the fertilization of these gametes with an extra chromosome, three chromosomes of one type are present instead of two. An example of this is Down syndrome. Down syndrome is a disease in which the chromosomes failed to separate properly during meiosis leading to three chromosomes of type 21 instead of two. A person with the condition therefore has a total of 47 chromosomes instead of 46. The non-disjunction ca
It's all about body form. For any group of animals, we know what an individual looks like. It's generally got a digestive tract, a mouth. It's got some set of organs.  Colonial organisms are what you get when you mash a whole bunch of copies of that basic body plan together. Regular noncolonial animals just have one copy of that bodyplan.  All animals are made of cells, but that doesn't count as colonial by definintion. Colonial organisms are made out of complete animals in the same way that ordinary animals are made out of cells.
What football team has the most trophies? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Sports Football - Soccer English Football What football team has the most trophies? Flag What football team has the most trophies? Answer by M.m. Medina Confidence votes 5RANGERS FOOTBALL CLUB HAVE WITH 156 TROPHIES MORE THAN ANY OTHER CLUB. Nacional of Uruguay has 249 Trophies, Penarol also from Uruguay has 235.5 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Dlmick 265,765 Contributions Which NCAA Football team has won the Heisman Trophy the most times? Answer . As of the 2008 season, Notre Dame, Ohio State, and the University of Southern California are tied with 7 Heisman winners each.. Notre Dame:. 1) 1943 - Angelo Ber …Which football team has won the most trophies in Scotland and England? Scotland : rangers England : Liverpool Scotland : rangers England : Liverpool Which college football team has the most wins without a Heisman Trophy Winner? Tennessee Volunteers with 773Football club with most trophies?manchester united Rangers1985 67 Contributions Which European football team has won the most trophies? Rangers F. C. Lalithgeorge 33,322 Contributions Which English football team has the most champion league trophies? The Liverpool club in England has the most champion league trophies a total of five of them. Louis Byers 3 Contributions Most trophies in English Football? Domestic: League Cup FA Cup Community Shield (winners of FA Cup vs winners of Premier League) League: Premier League title (top-flight winners) European Trophies: UEFA …Peter Hynd 1 Contribution Which scottish football team has won the most trophies? Rangers F. C. have won the most trophies in the world. Murat Nazari 2 Contributions What football teams have the most trophies in the world? In world its Rangers FC which has 112 trophies but in England its Manchester United which has 20 league titles Mwilk99 15 Contributions Which town team has won the most trophies in English football? Manchester United have won the most competitive trophies for an English club with 59. One more than Liverpool's 58. Lalithgeorge 33,322 Contributions What English football team has won the most trophies? If you are asking which club, then it is Manchester United. Mohammed Haque 41 Contributions Who are the top 10 football teams with most trophies?if its national its Brazil then Italy...... for club there are too many club teams to answer Answered In Soccer History What English football team has won the most trophys? Manchester united Answered In Soccer History What football club has the most trophies? Probobly Rangers FC in scotland they have won the their league 54 times Digitarius 6,952 Contributions Answered In English Football What English football team has one the most trophys in Europe? Liverpool. Answered In Soccer History What English football team has won the most European trophies?liverpool fc Answered In Football - American Does the whole football team get the trophy?no only the most improved and the mvp for the year or game etc 
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Top Problems in Your Mouth This painless condition occurs when the little bumps on your tongue grow long and trap bacteria that live in your mouth -- making the tongue look black and hairy. Causes can include antibiotic use, poor oral hygiene, smoking, drinking a lot of tea or coffee, and not producing enough saliva.
The Lorax tells the boy of his arrival in a beautiful valley containing a forest of Truffula trees and a range of animals. The Once-ler, having long searched for such a tree as the Truffula, chops one down and uses its silk-like foliage to knit a Thneed, an impossibly versatile garment. The Lorax, who "speaks for the trees" as they have no tongues, emerges from the stump of the Truffula and voices his disapproval both of the sacrifice of the tree and of the Thneed itself. However, the first other person to happen by purchases the Thneed for $3.98, so the Once-ler
The emotion expressed in this message is fear.
On 1 September, Germany invaded Poland from the west. Within the first few days of the invasion, Germany began conducting massacres of Polish and Jewish civilians and POWs. These executions took place in over 30 towns and villages in the first month of German occupation. The Luftwaffe also took part by strafing fleeing civilian refugees on roads and carrying out a bombing campaign. The Soviet Union assisted German air forces by allowing them to use signals broadcast by the Soviet radio station at Minsk allegedly "for urgent aeronautical experiments".
- Smoot Name Meaning. Americanized spelling of Dutch Smout, a metonymic occupational name for someone who sold fat or lard, Dutch smout, or a nickname for someone who had a taste for, and could afford, rich foods. Source: Dictionary of American Family Names ©2013, Oxford University Press.
Vale Royal Vale Royal was, from 1974 to 2009, a local government district with borough status in Cheshire, England. It contained the towns of Northwich, Winsford and Frodsham.
How do you identify the major blood vessels leading to and from the heart? The pulmonary artery carries deoxygenated blood from the heart to the lungs. It is one of the only arteries (other than the umbilical arteries in the fetus) that carries deoxygenated blood.
Hagan Family Crest, Coat of Arms & Hagan Name Origin Origin of the Name Hagan The origin of the name Hagan was found in the allfamilycrests.com archives. Over the centuries Surnames developed a wide number of variants. Different spellings of the same name can be traced back to an original root. Additionally when a bearer of a name emigrated it was not uncommon that their original name would be incorrectly transcribed in the record books at their new location. Surnames were also often altered over the years based on how they sounded phonetically and depending on the prevailing political conditions it may have been advantageous to change a name from one language to another. Variants of the name Hagan include Hagon and O'Hagan. Hagan is one of the Gaelic names which was less influenced than most by the widespread dropping of the prefix O during the centuries of Gaelic submergence. In Irish the name O'Hagan is O'h Aodhagain. There are many variants of the name in English such as Hegan, Hagane and Aiken. The O'Hagans are essentially Ulster people of Gaelic stock. The sept was located in County Tyrone with the seat of the Chief at Tullahogue, where he exercised the hereditary right of inaugurating O'Neill as King or Overlord of Ulster. Of individual members of the sept perhaps the best remembered is Turlough O'Hagan, Chief of the Name, who journeyed to County Wicklow to bring back Hugh O'Donnell and the two O'Neills to Ulster after the latter's dramatic escape from prison in Dublin Castle in 1590. The Hagan coat of arms came into existence centuries ago. The process of creating coats of arms (also often called family crests) began in the eleventh century although a form of Proto-Heraldry may have existed in some countries prior to this. The new art of Heraldry made it possible for families and even individual family members to have their very own coat of arms, including all Hagan descendants. 
Dependency theory Dependency theory is the notion that resources flow from a periphery of poor and underdeveloped states to a core of wealthy states, enriching the latter at the expense of the former.he premises of dependency theory are that: 1  Poor nations provide natural resources, cheap labour, a destination for obsolete technology, and markets for developed nations, without which the latter could not have the standard of living they enjoy.
Molecular size effects on diffraction resonances in positronium
  formation from fullerenes
fluency Then you have fluency. Fluency is a type of smoothness used most often when talking about language. You could study a language — like Spanish — for years and not really gain fluency. To have fluency — in other words, to be fluent — takes a lot of practice. Fluency can't be achieved overnight. That kind of expert use of language takes time, and it helps if you get a chance to visit a country where they speak the language you're learning.
Text in video is a very compact and accurate clue for video indexing and summarization. Most video text detection and extraction methods hold assumptions on text color, background contrast, and font style. Moreover, few methods can handle multilingual text well since different languages may have quite different appearances. This paper performs a detailed analysis of multilingual text characteristics, including English and Chinese. Based on the analysis, we propose a comprehensive, efficient video text detection, localization, and extraction method, which emphasizes the multilingual capability over the whole processing. The proposed method is also robust to various background complexities and text appearances. The text detection is carried out by edge detection, local thresholding, and hysteresis edge recovery. The coarse-to-fine localization scheme is then performed to identify text regions accurately. The text extraction consists of adaptive thresholding, dam point labeling, and inward filling. Experimental results on a large number of video images and comparisons with other methods are reported in detail.
Solid Feeding Basics AT A GLANCE. You can introduce solids any time between 4 and 6 months of age if your baby is ready. Until then, breast milk or formula provides all the necessary nourishment. Our age-by-age guide to feeding your baby offers a handy list of what and how much to feed your child in the first year.
- smoke alarm in california the new law requires the following 1 commencing july 1 2014 all smoke alarms including combination smoke alarms that are solely battery powered shall contain a nonreplaceable nonremovable battery that is capable of powering the smoke alarm for at least 10 years exception this section shall not apply to any smoke alarm or combination smoke alarm that has been ordered by or are in the inventory of an onewr managing agent contractor wholesaler or retailer on or before july 1 2014 until july 1 2015
- Houseflies pass through four distinct stages: egg, larva, pupa and adult. The life expectancy of a housefly is generally 15 to 30 days and depends upon temperature and living conditions. Flies dwelling in warm homes and laboratories develop faster and live longer than their counterparts in the wild.
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
"What does ""space and a half"" mean on microsoft word for an essay?" Best Answer: Try this: 1. Select all the text you want 1.5-spaced. (CTRL/A will select the entire document.) 2. Right-click in the selection and select Paragraph from the pop-up menu.3. Set the Line Spacing list box to 1.5. 4. Click OK.CTRL/A will select the entire document.) 2. Right-click in the selection and select Paragraph from the pop-up menu. 3. Set the Line Spacing list box to 1.5.
. Friday, December 29, 2000Montgomery Ward to close doors Company was a pioneer in retailing From Enquirer wire services CHICAGO — Montgomery Ward Inc., the department store chain that helped pioneer American retailing, Thursday said it is shutting down after 128 years in business and will file for bankruptcy. The chain — with 250 stores and 37,000 employees in 30 states — fell victim to competition from larger retailers with a national presence.“Sadly, today's action is unavoidable,” Montgomery Ward chief executive Roger Goddu said in a statement, citing weak holiday sales as the clincher for the decision. Employees at Montgomery Ward's headquarters in Chicago packed up belongings and consoled one another as the announcement was made public Thursday. (Associated Press photo) | ZOOM |The statement came hours after scores of Montgomery Ward employees began filing out of the company headquarters with boxes in hand. Several said they had been told at a meeting that General Electric Co.'s GE Capital Unit, owner of Montgomery Ward, would pull financial support in the wake of disappointing holiday sales.“I'm just devastated,” said Anece Rich, a 28-year Ward employee who worked in the mail room. “They took care of us as best they could.”Montgomery Ward does not operate stores in Cincinnati. Its nearest location is in Lexington, and its Ohio stores are in Toledo, Canton and Cuyahoga Falls. It also operates three stores in South Bend, Elkhart and Merrillville, Ind.“You don't need to be an analyst to see that the retail market continues to be very unforgiving — in fact, it's bruising,” said John Oliver, a spokesman for GE Capital Services, the subsidiary of General Electric Co. that owns and oversees Montgomery Ward. Retail analysts said they had heard the end of the company was near.“It's sad. It's too bad because a lot of effort has gone into trying to save the thing,” said Sid Doolittle, a Chicago-based retail consultant who spent 28 years as a Ward executive. Like Bradlees Inc., a U. S. Northeast discount chain that announced liquidation plans Tuesday, Montgomery Ward struggled to match the low prices at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Kohl's Corp., and the fashion sense of Target Corp. and specialty apparel chains. It also clashed with its oldest rival, Sears, Roebuck & Co., particularly in the electronics and appliances market.“Montgomery Ward has lost its reason for being,” said Kurt Barnard, president of Barnard's Retail Trend Report. “It has nothing to distinguish itself.”Begun in 1872, Ward pioneered mail-order catalogs when it came out with a single sheet of dry-good items for sale. It was the first U. S. mail-order house to sell general merchandise. Sears, Roebuck & Co. was not founded until 1886 and did not put out its first general merchandise catalog until a decade after that. Ward, which opened its first store in Plymouth, Ind., in 1926, has been financially unstable for years. In 1999, it emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy after being acquired by GE Capital and announced a plan to revamp many of its stores. Montgomery Ward in November opened 12 stores, including the one in Merrillville, Ind., most likely in anticipation of a strong holiday season. The other stores opened in Illinois, California and Maryland. But some analysts said it was too little, too late.“Wards has not established themselves as anything distinctive in the marketplace,” said George Whalin, president of California-based Retail Management Consultants. “There's just no reason to go there — unless maybe they're the closest store to your house.”Lisa Biank Fasig of the Enquirer contributed to this report. Montgomery Ward to close doors Consumer optimism falls to 2-year low Existing-home sales jump Helping hand for sticky fingers Mechanic delivers news as Cyber Paperboy Cleveland steel giant may fold Industry notes: Manufacturing Tristate Business Summary What's the Buzz? 
How do I get a v shaped face fast?
A young African American man was being pursued by the Police. He displayed and aimed a weapon at the Officer. He was promptly shot. He passed away. The community rioted since their perspective is that any shooting under any condition is unlawful. As it turns out the young man has a record and the gun was stolen. That's the facts. But there are many more opinions to go with those facts.
Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis is a church on rue Saint-Antoine in the Marais quarter of Paris. The present building was constructed from 1627 to 1641 by the Jesuit architects Étienne Martellange and François Derand, on the orders of Louis XIII of France. Next door to it is the Lycée Charlemagne, also founded by the Jesuits. It gives its name to Place Saint-Paul and its nearest Metro station, Saint-Paul.
technically, we're really not seeing the planets themselves (usually). we're seeing light from the stars they're orbiting. we're getting really lucky and the planet's orbit is passing between us and its sun, which causes the sun's light to flicker a little bit. if it's flickering regularly (with a period), then we say, "hey, something's passing between us at regular intervals!" to compare, imagine seeing a streetlight flicker in the distance at night as a crow flies in front of it, versus trying to see a crow flying through the dark twenty feet away.
What kind of jobs do international undergraduate students get in USA?
My Love Is the Shhh! "My Love Is the Shhh!" is a song co-written, produced and performed by American contemporary R&B group Somethin' for the People, issued as the lead single from their second studio album "This Time It's Personal". It features vocals from fellow contemporary R&B group Trina & Tamara. The song samples "It's Been a Long Time" by The New Birth; and it was the group's only hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at #4 in 1997. It also reached #1 on the "Billboard" Rhythmic Top 40 chart.
Nagalase Nagalase$ 197.00The Nagalase test is a simple blood test that measures the presence of the enzyme Nagalase. Nagalase is produced by cancer cells (and some viruses) and not by healthy cells. Any amount of Nagalase in your blood means that there are cancer cells that are multiplying and dividing. Nagalase basically cripples your Immune System so that the macrophages that gobble up and dismantle cancer cells can no longer do their job. The beauty of the Nagalase test is that it is super sensitive. It can detect cancer when it is at the cellular stage instead of the tumor stage. It can take 5-8 years for a tumor to develop and be seen on an x-ray or in blood work. This Nagalase test puts time on your side. Please note: The test goes to Sweden so it takes 6-8 weeks to get your results. Add to cart SKU: 012Description Description Test for monitoring the effect of therapy of cancer and certain viral infections, including HIV & Autism The test measures the activity of alpha-N- acetylgalactosaminidase (nagalase) in blood. Nagalase is an extracellular matrix-degrading enzyme that is (increased) secreted by cancerous cells in the process of tumor invasion. It also is an intrinsic component of envelope protein of various virions, such as HIV and the influenza virus. It is secreted from virus-infected cells. (Gc MAF.eu)Increased activity of nagalase has been detected in the blood of patients with a wide variety of cancers, like cancer of the prostate, breast, colon, lung, oesophagus, stomach, liver, pancreas, kidney, bladder, testis, uterus and ovary, mesothelioma, melanoma, fibrosarcoma, glioblastoma, neuroblastoma and various leukeamias.1,3,4 For various types of tumors various levels of nagalase activity were found.7 It seems likely that secretory capacity of individual tumor tissue varies among tumor types depending upon tumor size, staging, and the degree of malignancy or invasiveness.7 Increased nagalase activity has not been detected in the blood of healthy humans.1 (Gc MAF.eu)It has been established that the nagalase activity is directly proportional to viable tumor burden..1,2 Studies correlating nagalase levels with tumor burden suggest that the measurement of this enzyme can diagnose the presence of cancerous lesions below levels detectable by other diagnostic means.1 In research a day after surgical removal of primary tumors from cancer patients nagalase activity suddenly decreased to near the tumor-free control level, suggesting that the half-life value of nagalase is less than 24 hours.1,6 The short half-life of nagalase is valuable for prognosis of the disease during various therapies (Gc MAF.eu)*This informatoin is from Gc MAF.eu Please note: New York State residents cannot have this test done because of New York State laws. You understand that by ordering any products or tests on the Breast Cancer Conqueror website, that this is for informational purposes only and should not construed as medical advice. The information is not meant or designed to make any medical claim about treating any type of disease. The consultation to review the results of any test is not intended as a substitute for the diagnosis, treatment or advice of a qualified, licensed medical physician. The consultation to review the results is not medical advice, nor does it replace the recommendations from your primary care physician. It is highly encouraged that you do not disregard the medical advice that you have been given concerning treatments and medications from your primary care physician. Any statements or information concerning the results of the test have not been approved by the FDA, AMA or any federal or state agency. This is general information and is NOT intended, nor should it be used as a substitute for medical advice. Consult your primary care physician for any issues concerning your health as well as the results of any type of testing. By ordering a test or product on this web site, you agree that you are assuming full responsibility for your health and well-being. You understand that the result of any testyou order on this
The simplest known circadian clock is that of the prokaryotic cyanobacteria. Recent research has demonstrated that the circadian clock of Synechococcus elongatus can be reconstituted in vitro with just the three proteins (KaiA, KaiB, KaiC) of their central oscillator. This clock has been shown to sustain a 22-hour rhythm over several days upon the addition of ATP. Previous explanations of the prokaryotic circadian timekeeper were dependent upon a DNA transcription/translation feedback mechanism.[citation needed]
Dallas dclabo@dallas-ga.gov. Dallas, the county seat for Paulding County, incorporated on February 8, 1854. The city remembers George M. Dallas of Pennsylvania, who served as vice president for James Polk. Built in 1892, the county courthouse is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In and around Dallas, lie two other historic sites and monuments-Pickett's Mill and New Hope Church.
Emily Maynard Is Engaged to Tyler Johnson! âWeâre Really Excited,â She Gushes Celebrity News Emily Maynard Is Engaged to Tyler Johnson! “We’re Really Excited,” She Gushes By Allison Takeda and Jennifer Peros January 7, 2014Bachelorette alum Emily Maynard is engaged to boyfriend Tyler Johnson, she tells Us Weekly exclusively; "We're really excited!" she gushes Courtesy Emily Maynard Emily Maynard may just get her happy ending after all! The Bachelorette alum, who looked for love twice on ABC's reality competition, is engaged to marry boyfriend Tyler Johnson, she confirms to Us Weekly exclusively. Management consultant Johnson, 27, popped the question on Jan. 4 with not one, not two, but five diamond-studded bands. "I've had enough engagement rings!" the bride-to-be quips. (She was previously engaged to the late Ricky Hendrick, Bachelor Brad Womack, and Bachelorette winner Jef Holm . )PHOTOS: Best celeb engagement rings ever"We're really excited!!" the mother of one (to daughter Ricki, 8) tells Us. "He proposed to me at home and gave both Ricki and me rings. It was so sweet! Ricki loves him more than she likes me! "The couple actually met several months before Maynard filmed The Bachelorette, but they didn't start dating until after her split from Holm. And now that they've found each other, they don't want to waste any time. PHOTOS: Stars' blingy engagement rings"We definitely are looking to get married sooner rather than later," the former reality TV star shares. "No point in waiting! "Maynard first rose to fame as a contestant on season 15 of ABC's The Bachelor, when she won Womack's heart and hand in marriage. After their split, she went on to star in season eight of The Bachelorette, which ended with a proposal from Holm. They called off their engagement in October 2012. PHOTOS: Celeb weddings in 2013Since then, the blonde beauty has kept a relatively low profile — though she confirmed in July that she had been seeing someone. "I have, yeah, but I've known him for a long time," she told Charlotte, N. C., NBC affiliate WCNC. Things have clearly gone well for the couple. On Wednesday, Jan. 1, she shared a rare photo of herself with Johnson from their New Year's Eve festivities. "It's going to be a good year," she captioned the shot. For more from Maynard, pick up the new issue of Us Weekly. Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the Us Weekly i Phone app now!More News Gwyneth Paltrow Enjoys Wild Mexican Bachelorette Party With Celebrity Girlfriends!Khloe Gives Tristan ‘One Last Chance’ After Cheating Scandal Life Of A Princess: Meghan Markle’s Never-Before Seen Childhood Photos Exposed!More News Popular In the Community Sponsored Sponsored Khloe Kardashian Wants to Leave Cleveland Amid Cheating Scandal#1_O. G._DMM27m I almost feel sorry for her, but when people tell you who they are, believe them. This guy had no good for you written all over him. But, like a lot of women, especially Kardashian women, they somehow think their magical vaginations are a miracle elixir and, voila, that man is going to be true to only them. Wishful thinking. With all that said, I do wish her a healthy baby. Married at First Sight’ Recap: Molly Tells Jonathan He's ‘Disgusting’Orange Scissors13h Jon was screwed (figuratively) by this person. He deserved so much better than Molly. Good for him to documenting her disgusting behavior. Kylie Jenner Promotes Lip Kits Amid Khloe Kardashian Cheating Drama Peet2h Why shouldn’t she? I’m confused as to why anyone has to stop their business because of a rumor Khloe Kardashian’s Family ‘Had Concerns’ Over Tristan Thompson Relationship Green Mustache17h Hogwash! After the fact, her family had concerns! Kris is an epic fail as a mother. She never taught her children their self worth to be good decent people with integrity and morals. She only showed them how to sell and spread. They learned the promiscuous behavior from the best...their mother. History is m
How to Grow Your Own Moringa Tree The optimal temperature range for moringa trees is 77-95 ˚F, but it can also survive in extreme temperatures up to 118 ˚F in the shade and down to a light frost. Altitudes lower than 1,970 ft above sea level are best, but moringa trees have been able to grow in the tropics up to 3940 ft above sea level.
It boils down to a lack of or misunderstanding of materials science. They think that in order for the towers to collapse the steel beams would need to melt. Except jet fuel doesn't burn hot enough to melt steel (they're right about this part). But people who know materials science know that a material does not need to melt to lose structural integrity. Damn near all materials lose strength when they're placed in a fire, regardless of the exact temperature.
Freak (Bruce Foxton song) Freak is the debut single by the English rock singer-songwriter and bass guitarist Bruce Foxton, which became a hit and one of his most recognizable songs. It was originally released in 1983, as the lead single from his debut album, "Touch Sensitive". It was inspired strongly by the 1980 biographical film The Elephant Man, with the single's cover even referencing the film's posters.
Nickforce Nickforce was an improvised formation of the British First Army in the Tunisian Campaign of World War II. It was hastily formed from elements of the British 6th Armoured Division on 14 February 1943, for the defence of Thala, during the latter stages of the Battle of Kasserine Pass. It took its name from the commanding officer, Brigadier Cameron Nicholson. In desperate fighting, the force successfully blocked a "Kampfgruppe" of the 10th Panzer Division, under the direct control of "Generalfeldmarschall" Erwin Rommel, on 21 and 22 February.
Last name:  Lewis Recorded in over fifty different spellings from Lewis, Lois, Lowis and Loisi, to such as Ludovici, Lotze, Lohde, and Ludwikiewicz, throughout Europe this great and ancient name is generally accepted as being of pre 5th century Frankish origins.owis or Lewis is the Anglo-French form of the name, and Lowis le Briton was entered in the Red Book of the Exchequer, Essex, in 1166. The surname first appears on record at the beginning of the 13th Century (see below).
The monastic communities of the Judean Desert also decorated their monasteries with mosaic floors. The Monastery of Martyrius was founded in the end of the 5th century and it was re-discovered in 1982–85. The most important work of art here is the intact geometric mosaic floor of the refectory although the severely damaged church floor was similarly rich. The mosaics in the church of the nearby Monastery of Euthymius are of later date (discovered in 1930). They were laid down in the Umayyad era, after a devastating earthquake in 659. Two six pointed stars and a red chalice are the most important surviving features.
Norman Stanley Fletcher Norman Stanley Fletcher Norman Stanley "Fletch" Fletcher is the main fictional character in the popular BBC sitcom "Porridge", and the spin-off, "Going Straight". He was played by Ronnie Barker. He was sentenced to serve the particular stretch of 'porridge' detailed in the series due to a long and failing attempt to steal an articulated truck. The truck was full of alcohol. His plan was to drive the truck to a nearby field where he would leave the truck and make off with some of the booze. But he had no idea on how to drive the truck and ended up
Collaboration tool for students and teachers I'm looking for a tool (web application) similar to Atlassian Confluence but for academic purposes. The main purpose of that is to allow selected teachers and students from different schools collaborate on a project. It should have features like file uploading, to-do lists, calendar, rules assigning etc. Also it should have a possible low price-tag. I'm from Europe so if it could be a European tool that would be great.
Montgomery County, Maryland Neighboring the Nation's Capital No matter what you’re looking for, you’ll find it among the many venues, restaurants, museums, shops, and much more in the Montgomery County cities of Rockville, Silver Spring, Gaithersburg, and Germantown to name a few.
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows is a 2011 British-American period action mystery film directed by Guy Ritchie and produced by Joel Silver , Lionel Wigram , Susan Downey and Dan Lin . It is the sequel to the 2009 film Sherlock Holmes , and likewise features the Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle . The film 's screenplay was written by Michele Mulroney and Kieran Mulroney . Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law reprise their roles as Holmes and Watson , and were joined by Noomi Rapace as Simza , Stephen Fry as Mycroft Holmes and Jared Harris as Professor Moriarty . The film follows an original premise incorporating elements of Conan Doyle 's short stories `` The Final Problem '' and `` The Empty House '' . In the film , Holmes and Watson travel across Europe with a Gypsy adventuress to foil an intricate plot by their cunning nemesis , Professor Moriarty , to instigate a war .   Upon its release , the film received mixed to positive reviews from critics and was commercially successful , with a worldwide gross of over $ 545 million .
- Candidiasis is a fungal infection caused by yeasts that belong to the genus Candida. There are over 20 species of Candida yeasts that can cause infection in humans, the most common of which is Candida albicans.
- Rakhi or Raksha Bandhan is an auspicious occasion in the Hindu Calendar when sisters tie a sacred thread called 'Rakhi' on the wrist of their brothers and pray for their long life. It is widely celebrated as a festival across India and around the world.
Fazlur Rahman Khan Fazlur Rahman Khan (3 April 1929 – 27 March 1982) was a Bangladeshi-American structural engineer and architect who initiated important structural systems for skyscrapers.
Bluetooth is a type of radio. The radio has very low power, so it only goes a small distance. There is a protocol for use over the radio, like the internet protocol used over wifi. This protocol covers things phones do, like make calls and relay sounds. The same protocol supports headphones, with or without a microphone. There is also a data message, for things like transmitting the phone's contact list or the name of the song that's playing.
- Thermal Auricular Therapy (also known as Hopi Ear Candles) is a pleasant and non-invasive treatment of the ears, used to treat a variety of conditions.I use Hopi Candles frequently at my practice in Wolverhampton and Staffordshire, but there are many reputable therapists throughout the country.hermal Auricular Therapy (also known as Hopi Ear Candles) is a pleasant and non-invasive treatment of the ears, used to treat a variety of conditions.
This comment is not toxic.
some didn't like most parts of Europe, like a lot of poor people don't.  other places used to use tooth powder and their fingers. a bit like charcoal, like in india they call it monkey powder.  but in middle east and Muslim country they used to use miswak due to the prophet pbuh recommending it. and still do.  it's the twig of the salvadora persica tree. and it's broken, then end made bristly like a toothbrush and then used to brush the mouth, gums, throat etc.  it's been proven to be more effective than toothpaste and toothbrush in killing oral bacteria.  but it does require access to fresh sewak tree to use, which is rare in the west.  you have to realise before the farming of sugar and sugary foods, most people did not have oral health problems.  most people did not have access to enough food or alcohol or sugar for oral hygiene to become the serious problem that it is now. so people weren't losing their teeth so easily till the industrial and slave revolution.
Blood Color #5. fargoth. The red to dark red color of the blood is due to the large numbers of circulating red blood cells, the erythrocytes. Erythrocytes are called red blood cells because they have hemoglobin, an iron containing pigment. The color of plasma is yellow due to presence of bilirubin, a degradation product of RBC and carotene.
- more interesting sites. The climate of Fort Lauderdale (Florida - United States of America) Fort Lauderdale is located north of Miami and has a subtropical climate with warm, fairly wet and muggy summers and mild and dry winters. This pleasant climate, even during the winter temperatures hardly ever drop below 15 degrees Celsius (59 degrees Fahrenheit), causes Fort Lauderdale to be very popular among Americans as a winter sun destination.
Cardiologist Salary 2016 & 2017 â How Much Do Cardiologists Make? Cardiologist Salary in the USA. We don’t have any statistical relevant data for 2017, so we’ll focus in this article on the salary stats for 2016. According to payscale.com, in the United States, the average cardiologist salary was $217,000 per year in 2016, which is equivalent to an hourly income of about $104. And as we said earlier, this is expected to increase slightly in 2017.
Cabinet of the United Kingdom from May to October 2003. Before then, the last Secretary of State for a major department drawn from the Lords was David Lord Young of Graffham, serving between 1985 and 1989 as Secretary of State for Employment until 1987 and Secretary of State for Trade and Industry until 1989. The number of junior ministers who are peers has increased since 1997. Occasionally cabinet members are selected from outside the Houses of Parliament and if necessary granted a peerage. Harold Wilson appointed Frank Cousins and Patrick Gordon Walker to the 1964 cabinet despite their not being MPs at the time. On
Fighting sports have weight divisions because weight is an enormous advantage. It's nearly impossible for skill to bridge the disparity in power and durability significant weight differences provide. Weight is generally a disadvantage in running/cycling because you have to waste energy moving all that weight. On the other hand, height tends to be something of an advantage because it gives you mechanical advantage. That being said, the advantage is relatively slight compared to features like muscle composition and respiratory efficiency. As a result, there are no simple classifications like weight that you can make to divide people's basic physical categories.
Cochlear Implant Cost With Insurance: $1,000-$50,000 Without Insurance: $50,000-$100,000E-mail Post Tweet Comments (9)A cochlear implant is a unique mechanical device that allows people with severe or total hearing loss to hear. The implant is surgically placed in the inner ear, stimulating the auditory nerve in the brain, while a headset helps the patient interpret sounds and voices. Typical costs: Cochlear implant surgery, including the implant itself, averages between $30,000 and $50,000 for patients without insurance. Some insurance companies do cover the cost of a cochlear implant; the average deductible in the U. S. is about $530 for an individual and $1,100 for a family, and copays range between $5 and $500 for individuals and families, depending upon the plan. In addition to the implant, external pieces include a transmitter, which costs between $74 and $100; and a speech processor, which costs between $6,700 and $9,000. Cochlear implant surgery requires as many as three pre-surgery office visits. For children, these visits can each cost between $240 and $570, but the national average is $450. For adults, the typical office visit costs between $160 and $385, but the national average is $216. After the surgery, the cochlear implant will need to be reprogrammed at least five times in the first year. Reprogramming visits cost $102 to $397 for children under age seven, and $88 to $525 for adults, depending upon the clinic and location. The total cost, including both preoperative and postoperative visits and therapy, can cost between $50,000 and $100,000 for those without health insurance, according to the University of Miami [ 1] . With insurance the cost will range from $1,000 to $50,000, depending upon the deductible and maximum-out-of-pocket expense threshold. People with high-deductible and high maximum-out-of-pocket expense threshold health insurance plans will pay significantly more. Related articles: Hearing Test, Hearing Aid What should be included: Cochlear implant surgery costs include the implant, operating room supplies and medications, recovery supplies and medications, physician's fees and anesthesiologist fees. The external pieces of the implant system are not included in the surgery fee. These devices include a transmitter and speech processor, which sit behind the ear like a hearing aid. The speech processor analyzes sound, while the transmitter sends a signal to the implant just under the skin. Office visits prior to the surgery should include hearing, speech and language evaluations and a CT scan. One visit should also provide the patient with an orientation, tutorial on how to use the implant and an explanation regarding what to expect after surgery. After the surgery, post-surgical visits will include a check of the surgical site to make sure healing is going well. Visits will also include reprogramming the speech processor to suit how the sound is interpreted. In some cases a speech and language therapist will also see the patient, to help the patient learn to listen with the implant. Additional costs: Cochlear implants rely on batteries to operate. Different implants use different types and sizes of batteries. Some use standard "AA" batteries, which can cost between $.27 and $1 each. Others use typical hearing aid batteries, which can cost between $.70 and $3.95 each. Rechargeable batteries, which cost more, should be replaced annually. Experts recommend that anyone with an implant have another set of batteries with them at all times. Most cochlear implants come with a three-year warranty, which covers any maintenance or repairs. Experts recommend that patients purchase an extended warranty for their implant, which can cost between $300 and $400 annually. Without a warranty repair costs could be as high as the initial cost of the implant. Discounts: The Gift of Hearing lists organizations that provide financial assistance for people who want a cochlear implant. Income guidelines will apply. The Listen-Up Web [ 2] also has a list of potential sources for help paying for a cochlear implant. Shopp
Where do you stand on this issue of whether the crafts are fine art? Should crafts be considered a fine art or in a category of its own? Use examples.
How do you store fresh jalapeno peppers? Fresh jalapeño peppers can be stored in a plastic bag in the vegetable crisper of a refrigerator. The peppers should be sliced or chopped and placed in a heavy-duty freezer bag or airtight container for freezing. Keep Learning.
Advanced Estate Planning: Durable Power Of Attorney For Finances Advanced Estate Planning: Durable Power Of Attorney For Finances. If you become seriously ill or unable to handle your own financial matters for another reason, a durable power of attorney for finances allows you to name someone that you trust to handle these affairs for you.
Anemia Search Health 3,000+ Topics Send Feedback Health > Times Health Guide > a > Anemia > In-Depth Report: Causes Anemia Overview In-Depth Report Background Causes Risk Factors Complications Symptoms Diagnosis Dietary Factors Treatment References News & Features Reporter's File Expert Q & AQuestions for Your Doctor Clinical Trials5 Things to Know View & Print In-Depth Report »Web Links National Anemia Action Council National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute Iron Disorders Institute Cooley's Anemia Foundation Aplastic Anemia & MDS International Foundation National Kidney and Urologic Diseases Clearinghouse (Anemia in kidney disease and dialysis)Related Topics Anemia - B12 Deficiency Folate-Deficiency Anemia Iron Deficiency Anemia Hemolytic Anemia Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency Aplastic Anemia Immune Hemolytic Anemia Pernicious Anemia Sickle Cell Anemia Heart Attack Illustrations Red Blood Cells, Sickle Cell Red Blood Cells, Elliptocytosis Red Blood Cells, Spherocytosis Red Blood Cells, Multiple Sickle Cells Ovalocytoses Red Blood Cells, Sickle Cells Red Blood Cells, Sickle and Pappenheimer Red Blood Cells, Target Cells Hemoglobin In-Depth From A. D. A. M. Causes Iron Deficiency Anemia Iron deficiency anemia occurs when the body lacks mineral iron to produce the hemoglobin it needs to make red blood cells. In general, there are three stages leading from iron deficiency to anemia: First, there is an insufficient supply of iron, which causes iron stores in the bone marrow to be depleted. This stage generally has no symptoms. Second, iron deficiencies develop and begin to affect hemoglobin production. (Tests will show low hemoglobin and hematocrit levels. )Hemoglobin production declines to the point where anemia develops. Most of the iron used in the body can be recycled from blood and reused. Nevertheless, iron deficiency can occur from a number of conditions. Inadequate Iron Intake. A healthy diet easily provides enough iron. In general, most people need just 1 mg, and menstruating women need 2 mg of extra iron each day. This means that lack of iron in the diet is not a common cause of iron deficiency anemia, except in infants. In fact, most American adults may be consuming too much iron in their diet. Most of the iron in red blood cells is recycled and reused. Iron-poor diets are a cause of anemia only in people with existing risks for iron deficiency. Children who have not yet eaten iron-fortified formulas or iron-enriched cereal may also become anemic. Blood Loss. Iron deficiencies most commonly occur from internal blood loss due to other conditions that range in severity. These conditions include: Peptic ulcers, which may be caused by H. pylori infections, or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) such as aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen. Many long-term users of these medications have some sign of gastrointestinal bleeding, although it is rarely significant enough to cause anemia. Duodenal ulcers Hemorrhoids Colon polyps Colon, stomach, and esophageal cancer Very heavy periods (menorrhagia) are the most common causes of anemia in menstruating women. Bleeding from esophageal varices, often present in alcoholics Impaired Absorption of Iron. Impaired absorption of iron is caused by: Certain intestinal diseases (inflammatory bowel disease, celiac disease)Surgical procedures, particularly those involving removal of parts of the stomach and small intestine, can impair the ability of the stomach or intestine to absorb iron. (Such conditions also often impair folic acid absorption as well. )Pica, the craving for non-food substances such as ice, starch, or clay, is a possible cause of iron deficiency. To complicate matters, pica (particularly ice cravings) may also be a symptom, rather than a cause, of anemia. Certain intestinal infections, such as hookworm and other parasites. Click the icon to see an image of inflammatory bowel disease. Genetic Causes. Some people are born with iron deficiency. Certain cases may be due to a mutation of the Nramp2 gene, which regulates a protein responsible for delivering 
I would argue that the assault rile did not fundamentally change infantry tactics, it was simply a final stepping stone in the transformation of infantry tactics that had been going on for years. Before WW1 the infantry had been seen as sharpshooters engaged in long range accurate fire, finishing up with a bayonet charge. Obviously this didn't workout so you see the increased use of the machine gun to suppress the enemy. Between the wars and WW2 you see the number of heavy and light machine guns increase to give increasingly smaller units the ability to perform suppression. The submachine gun was the ultimate expression of this idea since in close range urban combat it gave a single person a suppressing ability.  In this view the assault rifle was simply a development on existing ideas, giving everyone an automatic weapon for suppression while keeping a combat effective sharpshooting ability.
Rockford, Minnesota Rockford, Minnesota. Rockford is a city in Wright and Hennepin counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The population was 4,316 at the 2010 census. While Rockford is mainly located within Wright County, a small part of the city extends into Hennepin County. It is part of Minneapolis St.Paul metropolitan statistical area.
AllJoyn AllJoyn is a collaborative open source software framework that allows devices to communicate with other devices around them. AllJoyn framework is flexible, promotes proximal network and cloud connection is optional. A simple example would be a motion sensor letting a light bulb know no one is in the room it is lighting, so it can shut itself off.
It was the pub that first introduced the concept of the bar counter being used to serve the beer. Until that time beer establishments used to bring the beer out to the table or benches, as remains the practice in (for example) beer gardens and other drinking establishments in Germany. A bar might be provided for the manager to do paperwork while keeping an eye on his or her customers, but the casks of ale were kept in a separate taproom. When the first pubs were built, the main room was the public room with a large serving bar copied from the gin houses, the idea being to serve the maximum number of people in the shortest possible time. It became known as the public bar[citation needed]. The other, more private, rooms had no serving bar—they had the beer brought to them from the public bar. There are a number of pubs in the Midlands or the North which still retain this set up but these days the beer is fetched by the customer from the taproom or public bar. One of these is The Vine, known locally as The Bull and Bladder, in Brierley Hill near Birmingham, another the Cock at Broom, Bedfordshire a series of small rooms served drinks and food by waiting staff. In the Manchester district the public bar was known as the "vault", other rooms being the lounge and snug as usual elsewhere. By the early 1970s there was a tendency to change to one large drinking room and breweries were eager to invest in interior design and theming.
Initiate a call.
Why am I unable to verify my identity?
Another approach to brain function is to examine the consequences of damage to specific brain areas. Even though it is protected by the skull and meninges, surrounded by cerebrospinal fluid, and isolated from the bloodstream by the blood–brain barrier, the delicate nature of the brain makes it vulnerable to numerous diseases and several types of damage. In humans, the effects of strokes and other types of brain damage have been a key source of information about brain function. Because there is no ability to experimentally control the nature of the damage, however, this information is often difficult to interpret. In animal studies, most commonly involving rats, it is possible to use electrodes or locally injected chemicals to produce precise patterns of damage and then examine the consequences for behavior.
Yes, many, many, many battles. By definition ranged combat is that which takes part at longer ranges than hand to hand so this means that firearms are ranged weapons. This means that the vast majority of battles for quite a few centuries, at least in areas where gunpowder weapons were the norm, are going to be ranged combat.
This comment is not toxic.
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
ARA San Juan (S-42) ARA "San Juan" (S-42) is a TR-1700-class diesel-electric submarine in active service with the Argentine Navy.
"This is the sad state of US stock markets and Regulation T. Yes, while options have cleared & settled for t+1 (trade +1 day) for years and now actually clear ""instantly"" on some exchanges, stocks still clear & settle in t+3.  There really is no excuse for it. If you are in a margin account, regulations permit the trading of unsettled funds without affecting margin requirements, so your funds in effect are available immediately after trading but aren't considered margin loans.  Some strict brokers will even restrict the amount of uncleared margin funds you can trade with (Scottrade used to be hyper safe and was the only online discount broker that did this years ago); others will allow you to withdraw a large percentage of your funds immediately (I think E*Trade lets you withdraw up to 90% of unsettled funds immediately). If you are in a cash account, you are authorized to buy with unsettled funds, but you can't sell purchases made on unsettled funds until such funds clear, or you'll be barred for 90 days from trading as your letter threatened; besides, most brokers don't allow this.  You certainly aren't allowed to withdraw unsettled funds (by your broker) in such an account as it would technically constitute a loan for which you aren't even liable since you've agreed to no loan contract, a margin agreement.  I can't be sure if that actually violates Reg T, but when I am, I'll edit. While it is true that all marketable options are cleared through one central entity, the Options Clearing Corporation, with stocks, clearing & settling still occurs between brokers, netting their transactions between each other electronically. All financial products could clear & settle immediately imo, and I'd rather not start a firestorm by giving my opinion why not. Don't even get me started on the bond market... As to the actual process, it's called ""clearing & settling"". The general process (which can generally be applied to all financial instruments from cash deposits to derivatives trading) is: The reason why all of the old financial companies were grouped on Wall St. is because they'd have runners physically carting all of the certificates from building to building.  Then, they discovered netting so slowed down the process to balance the accounts and only cart the net amounts of certificates they owed each other.  This is how we get the term ""bankers hours"" where financial firms would close to the public early to account for the days trading.  While this is all really done instantly behind your back at your broker, they've conveniently kept the short hours."
On 2 July 2012, GlaxoSmithKline pleaded guilty to criminal charges and agreed to a $3 billion settlement of the largest health-care fraud case in the U.S. and the largest payment by a drug company. The settlement is related to the company's illegal promotion of prescription drugs, its failure to report safety data, bribing doctors, and promoting medicines for uses for which they were not licensed. The drugs involved were Paxil, Wellbutrin, Advair, Lamictal, and Zofran for off-label, non-covered uses. Those and the drugs Imitrex, Lotronex, Flovent, and Valtrex were involved in the kickback scheme.
Create a reminder.
Because I brush into Empire-with-a-capital-E frequently, I naturally think of the bundle of ideas grouped under post-colonial theory is hugely important. It isn't quite the same sort of overarching Theory of History that, say, Marxism is. It doesn't have all encompassingly wide application, but in the set of circumstances, evidences, and questions where it does apply it is absolutely crucial. It is arguably more useful in archaeology than in history, however, because as a field it is even more nakedly constructed.
Who sings let freedom ring? The song on Sean Hanit's show is Independence Day by Martina McBride. -! who sings the sean hannity theme song let freedom ring Martina McBride sings the the song Independence Day that Sean Hannity uses on... Who sings the country song where the main lyrics in the chorus are let freedom ring!. That phrase is from a song called Independence Day.
What is HDPE? High-density polyethylene (HDPE) is one of the most commonly used plastics in the United States. Labeled as #2 plastic, it is typically found in milk jugs, plastic bags and refillable plastic bottles.igh-density polyethylene (HDPE) is one of the most commonly used plastics in the United States. Labeled as #2 plastic, it is typically found in milk jugs, plastic bags and refillable plastic bottles.
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
There's no minimum. *Anything* you throw will cause you to move in the opposite direction. The more massive the object, the more it pushes you away.
To put it simply, there is something called your implicit memory. These are things your brain learns that you really can not explain or talk about (an example of explicit memory would be trivia questions). The first few times you try to type on your phone, drive a car, or sign your name, it takes lots of effort to do it right. Over time, your brain learns the process and it becomes easier, to the point you don't have to think about it.
Pi is an idealized number that exists in math — which is a mental construct. In the physical world the number is not printed out or used. Round things just exist — and they are not in fact perfectly round, so if you compute their area with pi you'll be incorrect.
- When it's done right, the deadlift is an excellent back exercise. As you pick up and put down the weight, your upper-back muscles—including your rhomboids, traps, erector spinae, rear deltoids, and lats—must fire on all cylinders to keep your torso straight and your lower back from rounding. It's when you fail to engage these muscles that injuries can occur.
Radar only measures the component of the velocity along the direction from the gun to the object. If the cars are exactly side by side a radar will say 0 MPH regardless of the speed of the two cars because the direction between the two cars is perpendicular to their direction of travel.  If the cop is right behind you but in the same lane his radar will indicate the relative speed between the two of you, so if you are both going 70 MPH it will say 0 MPH (assuming the radar gun doesn't adjust itself based on information from the cops speedometer) .
Traceroute (film) Traceroute is a 2016 Austrian/American documentary film directed by Johannes Grenzfurthner. The autobiographical documentary and road movie deals with the history, politics and impact of nerd culture. Grenzfurthner calls his film a "personal journey into the uncharted depths of nerd culture, a realm full of dangers, creatures and more or less precarious working conditions", an attempt to "chase the ghosts of nerddom's past, present and future." The film was co-produced by art group monochrom and Reisenbauer Film. It features music by Kasson Crooker, Hans Nieswandt, and many others.
You don't need to invert the matrix to solve least squares. In practice, I would solve directly, but you can also use the pseudo inverse instead of the inverse if it doesn't exist.  Also, if you have 3 variables x1,x2, and x3=x1\*x2 they are usually not dependent. x1+x2 is linearly dependent on x1 and x2, but element-wise multiplication is fine.
What political purpose did the Palace of Versailles serve? Flag What political purpose did the Palace of Versailles serve? Answer by Joaq Confidence votes 8did you get this question from Mrs. Santana's study guide No I got it from Mr. Wilson's study guide. What's the answer? ;) no i got it from mr.bunners study guide and cant find it at all!! Guys, the overall political purpose of the Palace of Versailles was to exclude the high nobility and royal princes from real power.2 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No 
1960 British Grand Prix 1960 British Grand Prix The 1960 British Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Silverstone Circuit, Northamptonshire, England, on 16 July 1960. It was race 7 of 10 in the 1960 World Championship of Drivers and race 6 of 9 in the 1960 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The race was won by reigning World Champion Jack Brabham and Innes Ireland finished in third place. Between the two, multiple motorcycle Grand Prix World Champion John Surtees (in only his second ever Formula One Grand Prix) took second place. <nowiki>*</nowiki> Lance Reventlow and Chuck Daigh were
How Much Does it Cost to Install Hardwood Floors? Flooring companies typically quote the cost to install a hardwood floor on a square-foot basis. Your total cost can vary significantly depending on the type of hardwood you choose and your location, but you can expect the range to be from $5 to $8 per square foot.
What is the average monthly bill for an apartment? Bdssolar 10 Contributions What is the average monthly bill for an apartment?$900 is my average monthly bill for my apartment. Answer: If your apartment on top floor or better ventilation then you should go with solar energy products It will be …What is the average monthly water bill for people in Raleigh? 100 dollars 100 dollars 100 dollars What is the average monthly water bill in PA? About 27.3 dollars a month (divide the average bill for a year, 328, by 12) www.unitedwater.com/uwpa/customer.htm Jonathan Anderson 1 Contribution What is the average monthly water bill in Chicago? Some may be paying around $35 per month. I am paying $80 per month in Mount Greenwood. What is the average monthly water bill in Texas?$55What is the average monthly water bill for people New York?100Slucero 0888 11 Contributions What is the average monthly water bill for single person? It depends on lots of things such as whether you live in a house or an apt. and whether you have a sprinkler system or a pool or anything like that that would require quite a …What is the average monthly water bill in New York City?it is about 115 a month depending on how much water is use for 1 day Julianicole15 16 Contributions What is the average monthly water and power bill for one person?any where from 50 to 80 dollars a month. It depends on how much power you use, the power is the kicker. water is the cheaper of the two bills. What is the monthly average temperature in Georgia? The average temperature changes regurlarly. If many people are horny in the area, the average temperature rise, as does the humidity. The expression being hot for smeone …Shellby R 23 Contributions What is the average monthly water bill in AL? About $120 for to people in a one bedroom app. How much is the average monthly water bill in Pakistan? Rs. 250 or $3. 
Is citing data from a presentation not trustful? There is this investment bank specialized in the mining sector. I had access to one of their presentations where they have data regarding the production and end use of some chemical elements. They do not cite the data.

Do you think that is good or bad, trustful or not, to cite these data in my PhD thesis?
Soviet Union Soviet Union The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), commonly known as the Soviet Union, was a socialist state in Eurasia that existed from 30 December 1922 to 26 December 1991. Nominally a union of multiple national Soviet republics, its government and economy were highly centralized. The country was a one-party state, governed by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital in its largest republic, the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (Russian SFSR). Other major urban centres were Leningrad, Kiev, Minsk, Alma-Ata, and Novosibirsk. Extending across the entirety of Northern Asia and much of Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union
Jefferson Buys Louisiana Territory, and the Nation Moves Westward Even as he was laying the groundwork for what became the Lewis and Clark Expedition, to explore Louisiana and the western lands, Jefferson gave his ambassador in Paris, Robert Livingston, instructions to negotiate with the French to buy New Orleans.
Britain: Birthplace of the Industrial Revolution Industrialization spread from Britain to other European countries, including Belgium, France and Germany, and to the United States. By the mid-19th century, industrialization was well-established throughout the western part of Europe and America’s northeastern region.
We have a lot more nerve endings that feel pain in our feet (and hands and mouth and genitals) than in other parts of the body. for a large part of human existence, our feet would engage with our environment a lot and so it needed to be able to take in more information than, say, our shoulders do. More nerve receptors mean we can tell different terrain. We can distinguish between plants and pebbles and snakes and if something is slimy or slippery or hot or cold. But it also means a stronger pain response. Yeow!
The drastic increase of Android malware has led to a strong interest in developing methods to automate the malware analysis process. Existing automated Android malware detection and classification methods fall into two general categories: 1) signature-based and 2) machine learning-based. Signature-based approaches can be easily evaded by bytecode-level transformation attacks. Prior learning-based works extract features from application syntax, rather than program semantics, and are also subject to evasion. In this paper, we propose a novel semantic-based approach that classifies Android malware via dependency graphs. To battle transformation attacks, we extract a weighted contextual API dependency graph as program semantics to construct feature sets. To fight against malware variants and zero-day malware, we introduce graph similarity metrics to uncover homogeneous application behaviors while tolerating minor implementation differences. We implement a prototype system, DroidSIFT, in 23 thousand lines of Java code. We evaluate our system using 2200 malware samples and 13500 benign samples. Experiments show that our signature detection can correctly label 93\% of malware instances; our anomaly detector is capable of detecting zero-day malware with a low false negative rate (2\%) and an acceptable false positive rate (5.15\%) for a vetting purpose.
Who Are You Now? Crime, and others in a YouTube video uploaded by the band's label Fueled by Ramen. Music videos were released for the tracks "Letdown" and "Keeping on Without You". MTV News commented on the album's second track, "Letdown", calling it a "fist-pumper of an anthem" with "frenzied overlapping bridges and orgasmic choruses", but did not give a further review of the album as a whole. Who Are You Now? Who Are You Now? is the third full-length studio album by alternative rock band This Providence, released on March 17, 2009. The album title comes from the song "Playing the Villain", the
Spider One Michael David Cummings (born August 25, 1968), better known as Spider One, is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, record producer, and director. He is the founder and only consistent member of the nu metal band Powerman 5000 and the owner of Megatronic Records. He created the horror/black comedy mockumentary series "Death Valley", which aired on MTV for one season in 2011.
Bell and his assistant Charles Sumner Tainter jointly invented a wireless telephone, named a photophone, which allowed for the transmission of both sounds and normal human conversations on a beam of light. Both men later became full associates in the Volta Laboratory Association.
Raine Davison Raine Davison (born Raine Davies, 25 January 1984 in Blackpool, Lancashire) is an English actress known for appearing in many English Soap Operas such as ITV's "Emmerdale" as Eve Birch from 2001–2002. She reprised her role on Emmerdale at the end of 2006. In April 2010, former Hear'Say singer Suzanne Shaw took over the role of Eve until 2011.
. What is the metaphysical meaning of red malachite? Red malachite brings internal peace and harmony into its holder's life. Each moment of life is a celebration, a unique gift to be treasured, which red malachite helps us to understand. Malachite allows us to let go of past traumas and free our emotions from negative patterns. Red malachite is also useful in progressing a process of transformation, inspiring and invigorating its holder to take all steps necessary to make necessary changes in his or her life. It is an all around positive and uplifting gem stone. Malachite has a long history with the Egyptian cultures going as far back as 4000 B. C.. The ancient Egyptians obtained their malachite from the Sinai peninsula and used it most often in amulets and statues. In the Egyptian Book of the Dead it is said that the goddess of the sky "drops stars on the earth in the shape of green stones. "The stone was one of the prime gemstones used for power by the upper class in Egypt, the headdresses of pharaohs were often lined with malachite, as this was said to raiser the ruler's vibrations to a higher level and open him to wise council.there is an ancient Russian legend that says anyone who drinks from a goblet made of malachite will have the power to understand the language of the animals bestowed upon him. One other unique use for this stone, was for face adornment. The stone was ground to a fine powder and Egyptian woman used it as eye makeup to paint their eyelids and eyelashes. Malachite is often referred to as the Peacock Stone, as it was considered sacred to the goddess Juno, whose sacred bird was the peacock; as well, the eye like pattern within the stone resembles the eye like pattern on peacock feathers. Scientific Properties: Mohs Hardness of 4 with a monoclinic crystal structure. Malachite is usually found in opaque green masses, the color is derived from the copper. A stone with a characteristic bubbly look, malachite is cut and polished to show the alternating light and dark green layers. Mystical Properties: Malachite is a lovely, natural amalgam of minerals, which helps the wearer to remember and renew the connection to the All. It freshens the outlook and allows us to touch our core self without the fear that generally holds us back. It allows us to touch our child within and to be reborn into the light. It is soothing to the soul, and releases stress to help create new beginnings. Malachite is great for increasing ones concentration skills and is quite beneficial to ones physical, as well as psychic, vision. Malachite helps to find a balanced path between the desires of ego and of our higher Will, aiding us in removing blockages and inspiring us with ideas which will help to manifest those goals. Healing Properties: Malachite promotes growth and builds up strength in many ways. It is the stone of pregnant woman, and additionally it is a successful remedy against heart pains and cardiac asthma. The optic nerves in the eyes can be strengthened with daily bathing of the eyes in malachite water. Malachite has wonderful healing properties, and because of the high copper content of the stone it has a very steady pulsing electromagnetic energy field. This gemstone is told to absorb negative energy from the auric field cleansing it, thus balancing the wearer and protecting them from the effects negative energies. Using this stone, one can counteract self-destructive romantic tendencies and help encourage true, pure love. Malachite is also good for enhancing emotional stability and balance in general. It can decrease one's tendency to radiation illness, asthma, arthritis, and tumors. Magical Properties: Energy: Receptive Element: Earth Powers: Power, protection, love, peace, business success Malachite is worn to detect impending danger, legend tells us that this stone breaks into pieces to warn it's wearer of the forthcoming danger. This stone has long been used is magical rights, used to lend extra energy and power. Wear it, hold it or place it on the alter to increase your ability to send power toward your magical 
ignoble ignobleig·no·ble Use ignoble in a sentenceadjective The definition of ignoble is capable of base or mean behavior. An example of someone who is ignoble is a person whose character is dishonorable. Ignoble is defined as common or not of royal birth. An example of something ignoble is a person born into a poor family. Your Dictionary definition and usage example. Copyright © 2018 by Love To Know Corp Link/Citeignoblenot noble in birth or position; of the common peoplenot noble in character or quality; dishonorable; base; mean Origin of ignoble Middle French from Classical Latin ignobilis, unknown, obscure from in-, not + nobilis (OL gnobilis ), known: see noble Webster's New World College Dictionary, Fifth Edition Copyright © 2014 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved. Link/Citeignobleadjective Not noble in quality, character, or purpose; base or dishonorable. See Synonyms at base 2. Not of high social status; common. Origin of ignoble Middle English of low birth from Old French from Latin ignōbilis i-, in- not ; see in- 1. nōbilis, gnōbilis noble ; see noble . Related Forms:ig′no·bil′i·ty ig·no′ble·nessnounig·no′blyadverb THE AMERICAN HERITAGE® DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE, FIFTH EDITION by the Editors of the American Heritage Dictionaries. Copyright © 2016, 2011 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved. Link/Citeignoble Adjective ( comparative more ignoble, superlative most ignoble)Not noble; plebeian; common. Not honorable; base. Not a true or "noble" falcon; said of certain hawks, such as the goshawk. Anagrams Gobelin Origin From Middle French ignoble, from Latin ignobilis, from in- (not) + gnobilis, later nobilis (noble)English Wiktionary. Available under CC-BY-SA license. Link/Cite 
How to Make Paper Paper can also be made entirely of grass and leaves as well, in fact, that's how most paper was made until the 20th century! You must cut the vegetation in small pieces, soak it in caustic soda to digest, strain it, and blend it to a pulp. Then pour it on the press. After it dries, you can proudly say, This paper contains no trees!
TGI Fridays, Telford, Birmingham TGI Fridays, Telford, Birmingham A creative installation that has morphed our Lambeth brick slips beyond recognition. Introduction TGI Fridays has been established since 1965 and is a world renowned restaurant franchise. The restaurant is famed for its casual dining, elaborate drinks and retro antique-filled decor. Fridays has seen its UK portfolio grow rapidly over that last few years. A distant throw from Telford, TGI Fridays began life in the 1970s on the Upper East Side NY, when the company began to franchise. The history and retro beginning of TGI would prove to be a major keystone in the design of all the chains outlets, including the Telford Restaurant. Brick wall tiles are a common feature in most of the TGI Friday outlets and the use of our fantastic Lambeth Mixture brick slips as a core product for this build has definitely paid off. Design So you find yourself sitting at a T. G. I. Friday’s table, eating Jack Daniels Ribs and slurping down a frozen strawberry Daiquiri, you look up and notice a drum kit suspended above your head illuminating the room. If the drum kit doesn’t cause you to pause chowing down Telfords finest buffalo ribs then a glance round the room might. The design of TGI Telford like most of the chain deliberately aims to grab the diner’s attention. This installation has been executed with finesse and has incorporated the Lambeth brick slips with a stunning vigour, making a triumphant bold statement. The brick wall tiles form a stunning feature which acts as the back bone of the entire installation. The idea, when TGI Friday’s first began franchising was to make the restaurants look similar to an English pub, where items have slowly accumulated over decades. The use of brick slips throughout the build has created a flawless aged patina which transcends across the whole room. A giant 50ft wall exhibits a bold white wash logo which utilises the brick slips stable and strong surface as a terrific worn canvass. The designers of Fridays Telford have successfully created a warm relaxing venue which has all the comforts we come to expect from the upmarket chain which pride them selves on the full Americana Experience. Neon lights and glistening glassware flourish the brickwork with a transient palette of lights and shades. Checkerboard floors, chrome clad motorcycles, NBA Basketball hoops and disco mirror balls unite in harmony within this flamboyant design. Product Using brick wall tiles within restaurant refits are now common place and whether its stretcher bond, English bond or herringbone no matter how these stunning tiles are installed they instantly grab your attention. I am sure anyone reading this blog will agree that the Lambeth Mixture brick slip was a perfect choice against the chaos of the room’s décor. The Lambeth brick slip is a special mixture which incorporates red and yellow clay bricks in a blend which is meant to emulate the reconstructive materials that were used in post war London. The Lambeth mixture has a history and a character and most of all the Lambeth mixture has the ability to morph and blend when worked with in various installation methods. The installation of these brick tiles has been worked in with great artistry. The brick wall tiles, post installation have been flash pointed and brushed giving a “look what we have revealed” Look. The large mortar marks have been made using the Light grey pointing mortar and were deliberately made to look messy, afterwards wire brushed giving the reclaimed brick look. A white wash mix was used to paint the large FRIDAY text, highlighted with black outline this holds a real authentic note which rings through the installation. Buttresses and corners meant that a plentiful supply of Lambeth corners was used throughout the installation giving a convincing brick wall look throughout. The brick slips were installed using our rapid setting adhesive which is the perfect wall tile adhesive for installations of this scale. We take pride in the fact that every component of of our brick cladding system works harmo
My Way (Calvin Harris song) My Way (Calvin Harris song) "My Way" is a song by Calvin Harris. The song was released on 16 September 2016. Harris announced the single on his Twitter page five days prior to its release. Like his previous 2010s singles "Summer" and "Feel So Close", Harris returns as a vocalist. It topped the charts in the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Scotland while peaking within the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Lebanon, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Paraguay, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, as well as the top 20 in Canada, Denmark, Finland,
Free RV Camping in Las Vegas, Nevada Several Las Vegas casinos offer RV parking. Free RV camping typically involves dry camping, or boondocking, a method of spending the night where self-contained rigs must rely on their onboard services, because water, electric and black water hookups aren’t available. Options in Las Vegas are similar to ones found around the United States. Camping on federal land is frequently free, and parking lots and rest areas rarely charge for overnight stays. Parking Lots in Las Vegas Spending the night boondocking in a parking lot is probably the easiest way to save money on camping. They’re frequently close to highways, it’s easier to maneuver a big rig in a large lot and, in the case of casinos or superstores like Walmart, the business attached to the parking lot offers entertainment, shopping and restroom facilities. Keep in mind that the city of Las Vegas prohibits RVs from parking on the street. If there are signs posted prohibiting overnight parking, move along. In the absence of signs, always check with security or customer service before assuming you’re welcome to spend the night. Be as unobtrusive as possible. Avoid using your generator, and clean up after yourself before you leave. Spending money at the business will create goodwill and encourage the owners to continue allowing RVs to camp there. Use an app like Casino Camper and Allstays to find free overnight stops. Free Camping on Federal Land Near Las Vegas RVers who plan to spend a lot of time camping on federal land should consider purchasing a recreational pass from the USGS store online or at a participating park. A pass allows free access to more than 2,000 federal parks that charge the general public an entrance fee. It does not cover campground fees, but it will cover the entrance fee for lands allowing dry camping away from campgrounds. Sites managed by the Bureau of Land Management and Army Corps of Engineers, along with national forests and national recreation areas, usually allow dry camping, while National Parks generally allow dry camping only by hikers who pack their gear into the backcountry. The Spring Mountains National Recreation Area in Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest combines views of snowcapped mountains with desert landscapes. Look for a spot along Champion Road. Check the Public Lands Interpretive Association’s interactive map of public lands in Nevada, or pick up a copy of "Camping with the Corps of Engineers" by Don Wright. Overnight Parking at Rest Areas and Truck Stops in Nevada Not all of Nevada’s rest areas have parking spaces for trucks and big rigs, but the three closest to Las Vegas – Boulder City, Southern Nevada and Amargosa Valley – do. The Valley Wells Rest Area across the border in California is another option. The same rules of etiquette for parking lots apply at rest areas. Don’t set up your awning or lay out a picnic spread outside the RV. If you find yourself surrounded by semitrucks running their diesel engines, your generator probably won’t disturb anyone, but turn it off by 10 p.m. Some truck stops are more RV-friendly than others, and it’s not just the owner’s attitude that counts. There may be a limited number of parking spots, or the layout may be unworkable for some RVs. Just keep in mind that openness to RVers varies from one to the next. If you have questions, ask. Buy dinner at the truck stop restaurant or pick something up at the convenience store. If you’re overnighting in a big rig at a rest area or truck stop, keep in mind that you’re competing for a space with a trucker who, on a tight deadline, may need the space more than a vacationer would. References Love Your RV! : RV Casino Camping Casino Camper Allstays Las Vegas Nevada.gov: Parking FAQ & Fee Schedule USGS Store: Frequently Asked Questions - Recreational Passes USDA Forest Service: Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest - Spring Mountains National Recreation Area Campendium: Champion Road Public Lands Interpretive Association: Nevada Nevada DOT: Rest Areas /Welcome Centers CA.gov: Rest Area Usage Policy ALLSTAYS: RV and Truc
Equiangular polygon From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search A rectangle is an equiangular quadrilateral A convex equiangular octagon with 4-fold reflective symmetry A nonconvex equiangular hexagon with 3-fold reflectional symmetry In Euclidean geometry, an equiangular polygon is a polygon whose vertex angles are equal. If the lengths of the sides are also equal (that is, if it is also equilateral) then it is a regular polygon. Isogonal polygons are equiangular polygons which alternate two edge lengths. Properties [ edit]The only equiangular triangle is the equilateral triangle. Rectangles, including the square, are the only equiangular quadrilaterals (four-sided figures). [1]For a convex equiangular n -gon each internal angle is 180 (1-2/n)°; this is the equiangular polygon theorem. Viviani's theorem holds for equiangular polygons: [2]The sum of distances from an interior point to the sides of an equiangular polygon does not depend on the location of the point, and is that polygon's invariant. A rectangle (equiangular quadrilateral) with integer side lengths may be tiled by unit squares, and an equiangular hexagon with integer side lengths may be tiled by unit equilateral triangles. Some but not all equilateral dodecagons may be tiled by a combination of unit squares and equilateral triangles; the rest may be tiled by these two shapes together with rhombi with 30 and 150 degree angles. [1]A cyclic polygon is equiangular if and only if the alternate sides are equal (that is, sides 1, 3, 5, ... are equal and sides 2, 4, ... are equal). Thus if n is odd, a cyclic polygon is equiangular if and only if it is regular. [3]For prime p, every integer-sided equiangular p -gon is regular. Moreover, every integer-sided equiangular p k -gon has p -fold rotational symmetry. [4]An ordered set of side lengths gives rise to an equiangular n -gon if and only if either of two equivalent conditions holds for the polynomial it equals zero at the complex value it is divisible by [5]References [ edit]^ a b Ball, Derek (2002), "Equiangular polygons", The Mathematical Gazette, 86 (507): 396–407, JSTOR 3621131.^ Elias Abboud "On Viviani’s Theorem and its Extensions" pp. 2, 11^ De Villiers, Michael, "Equiangular cyclic and equilateral circumscribed polygons", Mathematical Gazette 95, March 2011, 102-107.^ Mc Lean, K. Robin. "A powerful algebraic tool for equiangular polygons", Mathematical Gazette 88, November 2004, 513-514.^ M. Bras-Amorós, M. Pujol: "Side Lengths of Equiangular Polygons (as seen by a coding theorist)", The American Mathematical Monthly, vol. 122, n. 5, pp. 476–478, May 2015. ISSN 0002-9890. Williams, R. The Geometrical Foundation of Natural Structure: A Source Book of Design. New York: Dover Publications, 1979. p. 32External links [ edit]A Property of Equiangular Polygons: What Is It About? a discussion of Viviani's theorem at Cut-the-knot. Weisstein, Eric W. "Equiangular Polygon". Math World. Categories: Polygons 
Canned yams vs. fresh
Microsoft began an advertising campaign centered around Windows 8 and its Surface tablet in October 2012, starting with its first television advertisement premiering on October 14, 2012. Microsoft's advertising budget of US$1.5–1.8 billion was significantly larger than the US$200 million campaign used to promote Windows 95. As part of its campaign, Microsoft set up 34 pop-up stores inside malls (primarily focusing on Surface), provided training for retail employees in partnership with Intel, and collaborated with the electronics store chain Best Buy to design expanded spaces to showcase devices. In an effort to make retail displays of Windows 8 devices more "personal", Microsoft also developed a character known in English-speaking markets as "Allison Brown", whose fictional profile (including personal photos, contacts, and emails) is also featured on demonstration units of Windows 8 devices.
The Quartering Act of 1765: Definition, Summary & Facts Instructor: Mark Pearcy The American Revolution wasn't just about 'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness' - it was also about rights that were more grounded in real life. The Quartering Act of 1765 was seen by many Americans as a violation of those rights and was a contributing factor in the Revolution. The Quartering Act of 1765: When Your Home Is not Your Castle We've all heard about the anger Americans felt towards Great Britain in the 1760s and 1770s, leading to the American Revolutionary War. And, we could all recite the phrases that formed the cornerstone of our resistance: 'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,' the truths that are 'self-evident,' and so forth. But at the end of the day, the anger was first and foremost about fairness, as in, it's not fair to tax us without giving us a say in it. The Quartering Act of 1765 hits a similar sore spot. It's not just about human rights or philosophy, but fairness. The idea that a person's property belongs, first and foremost, to him or her, and the idea that it is fundamentally unfair to violate that idea. The Quartering Act,the British law that ordered American governments to provide housing for British soldiers, struck Americans as deeply unfair, and maybe more importantly, supremely irritating. Why a 'Quartering' Act? In 1763, the French and Indian War ended with two important outcomes: an enormous British victory over their traditional enemy France and an equally tremendous imperial debt. Britain spent an inordinate amount of money in winning the war, and the spoils of that victory, a huge amount of land in North America, now required even more investment, as the territory had to be garrisoned, administered, and protected. That meant more soldiers, which meant more taxes. One of the major problems for the British in dealing with a far-flung, enormous empire wasn't just the issues of defense (fighting off opposing armies, Native American raids, and so forth), but the administrative issues that defense brought up, such as housing soldiers. Getting the troops from point A to point B, especially when the two points are divided by 3,000 miles of ocean, is difficult enough. But, this was the eighteenth century, and building bases and installations around the world wasn't really tenable for an army at that time. There might have been a fort here and there, primarily on the frontier, but what do you do when your intent is to base troops in large urban areas where space is at a premium anyway? Housing and feeding a group of several hundred, or even a few thousand, soldiers was a difficult and costly proposition. The Quartering Act came into being because the British were looking for a solution to exactly this problem. What Did the Quartering Act Not Do? The solution was the Quartering Act. There were ultimately two of these laws passed, one in 1765 and one in 1774. It's important to establish first what the Quartering Act did not do, because it's become a matter of urban legend. The act did not require Americans to house British soldiers in their private dwellings. Colonial governments would have to house British soldiers in some manner, but it was restricted to barracks provided by the colonies. If those were too small, they could use local inns, livery stables, ale houses, and the houses of wine sellers. If even that wasn't enough, they could move to uninhabited houses, outhouses, barns, or other buildings. One thing that was not included was colonists' homes. So, the fanciful image of Redcoats throwing poor Americans out of their own front doors is actually false. To unlock this lesson you must be a Study.com Member. Create your account Register for a free trial Are you a student or a teacher? I am a student I am a teacher 
How to Use a Computer Mouse 1 Familiarize yourself with the mouse. [1] The front of the mouse points away from you and has two buttons on the left and right which you can click. These allow you to open programs and menus. In the middle of these two buttons is a small wheel, which allows you to scroll up and down pages. You can use your index finger to click the left button and the middle finger to click the right one. On the bottom of the mouse is a censor that allows the mouse to know where to move. A wireless mouse may have a compartment to insert a battery, and it may have an on and off button. 
Not only would it not generate much electricity, it would not be consistent enough for practical use if it were developed because you don;t have water running through your pipes all the time. It would also cause more problems for your sanitary lines than anything. Your drain pipes are pitched at 1/8 inch per foot of slope. This allows small waves formed by the water to carry waste efficiently through the pipes. Drain lines also use long radius fittings with gradual sweeps because the fewer obstructions and obstacles in the pipes the better, so having your waste water flow through some type of paddle wheel device or something similar to turn a generator would cause many problems. In order to force waste water through a turbine generator you would need to use a pump, which would consume energy to make energy.
Climate for Baltimore, Maryland Weather Directory. Baltimore's coldest month is January when the average temperature overnight is 23.5°F. In July, the warmest month, the average day time temperature rises to 87.2°F. The driest month in Baltimore is April with 3.00 inches of precipitation, and with 3.98 inches September is the wettest month.
Freemasonry, as it exists in various forms all over the world, has a membership estimated by the United Grand Lodge of England at around six million worldwide. The fraternity is administratively organised into independent Grand Lodges (or sometimes Grand Orients), each of which governs its own Masonic jurisdiction, which consists of subordinate (or constituent) Lodges. The largest single jurisdiction, in terms of membership, is the United Grand Lodge of England (with a membership estimated at around a quarter million). The Grand Lodge of Scotland and Grand Lodge of Ireland (taken together) have approximately 150,000 members. In the United States total membership is just under two million.
Morphology of migration: Associations between wing, and bill morphology and migration in kingbirds (Tyrannus)
How to Send a Document From a PC to a Fax Machine Related Articles1How to Send a Fax Using a Fax Machine2How to Connect a Computer & Fax Machine Using a Phone Line3How to Fax a Word Document4How to Set up a Home Fax Machine With a Wireless Router Although email has replaced the fax machine as the most efficient way to send documents over long distances, you may still need to send someone a fax. Microsoft Office features a built-in option to export documents to a selection of Internet-based fax services, which forward your document to a recipient's fax machine. To make this work, you must first active Office's Internet fax feature in Windows and register with an Internet fax service. Activating Internet Faxing1. Open the Control Panel on your PC by clicking its icon in the Start menu.2. Click "Programs and Features," followed by "Turn Windows Features On or Off."3. Select "Print and Document Services," and then check the "Windows Fax and Scan" box. Click the "OK" button to finish. Register With an Internet Fax Service1. Launch your Web browser and navigate to an Office-compatible Internet fax service's website. As of April 2012, this includes Inter FAX or e Fax.2. Click the registration button and enter the requested details to set up an Internet faxing subscription.3. Select the option to activate your Internet fax service within Microsoft Office. This enables Office to automatically route any faxes to your account at the Internet fax service. A dialog box opens requesting permission to install a registration file on your PC.4. Click the "Run" button, and then the "Allow" button. Click the "Yes" button in the Registry Editor dialog box, followed by the "OK" button. An amendment is made to your PC's registry file that instructs Office where to send faxes. Sending a Fax From Microsoft Office1. Open your document the appropriate Microsoft Office application, and then click the "Office" button in the upper left corner of the screen.2. Select "Internet Fax" from the Send menu. An email message opens with your document attached as an image file.3. Type the recipient's fax number in the To section and click the "Send" button. Office sends the email to the Internet fax service, which then forwards it to the recipient's fax machine. Tip Most Internet fax services also supply you with a virtual fax machine, allowing you to receive faxes as digital documents. References (3)Resources (3)About the Author Spanner Spencer has been writing since 2005 for a variety of print and online publications. Focusing on entertainment, gaming and technology, his work has been published by Eurogamer.net, "The Escapist," "Games TM," "Retro Gamer," "Empire," "Total PC Gaming" "The Guardian," among others. Spencer is a qualified medical electronics engineer with a Business and Technology Education Council certificate in technical writing from Huddersfield Technical College. Photo Credits Zedcor Wholly Owned/Photo Objects.net/Getty Images Cite this Article 
Chrissie Hynde Chrissie Hynde Christine Ellen Hynde (born September 7, 1951) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She is the founding and sole constant member of the rock band The Pretenders. Inspired by hippie counter-culture, Hynde worked in London with Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood at their clothing store, SEX. In 1978, she formed her own band, Pretenders, with Pete Farndon, James Honeyman-Scott and Martin Chambers. As singer, songwriter and guitarist, she has been the only constant member of the band throughout its history. She has also released a number of songs with other musicians including Frank Sinatra, Cher and UB40. Chrissie
Walk up and talk to random people at academic conferences - is that appropriate? As a graduate student, I am relatively new to my community. From my point of view, the best approach to get to know new people is randomly walking around and start conversations (with anyone, no matter what age or known/unknown). But is that appropriate at academic conferences? How do established researchers think about that? 

I am asking because in my previous conference visits, I often felt that people are annoyed or not interested when I just walked up and started a conversation. What would be better approaches for getting to know the community?
Fiber: How Much Is Too Much? A popular TV commercial shows a woman eating broccoli and other fiber-rich foods throughout the day, depicting how difficult it seems to get the recommended daily levels of fiber. In truth, a lot of people just don’t bother. Yet to the other extreme, it’s possible to get too much fiber or eat too much at once, which can lead to unpleasant side effects. So just how much fiber do you need? The national fiber recommendations are 30 to 38 grams a day for men and 25 grams a day for women between 18 and 50 years old, and 21 grams a day if a woman is 51 and older. Another general guideline is to get 14 grams of fiber for every 1,000 calories in your diet. Achieving these goals is beneficial to your overall health, and fiber helps you feel fuller longer. For many people, it can be a challenge to get that much fiber in a typical American diet. Most people top out at an average of 15 grams per day, regardless of how many calories they eat. But if you’re going overboard with a high-fiber diet plan, you could be putting yourself at risk for problems like stomach cramps, constipation, and even nutritional deficiency.“High levels (of fiber) can also interfere with absorption of some minerals, such as iron, and some antioxidants, such as beta-carotene. It’s rare, though, for people in this country to be getting too much fiber,” says registered dietitian Brie Turner-Mc Grievy, Ph. D., R. D., of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Getting the Right Amount of Fiber Of course, it’s possible to feel like you’re getting too much fiber, either because of how you’re eating your fiber, or because you’ve dramatically increased your fiber intake too quickly. Here are some tips for getting more fiber without unpleasant side effects: Space out portions. “Spreading out your fiber intake throughout the day will allow you to avoid some of the gastrointestinal discomforts that a large amount of fiber may present,” says Dr. Turner-Mc Grievy. Try to include fiber-rich foods in every meal and snack, but don’t feel like you have to overdo it. Increase slowly. A new commitment to healthy eating could make you want to achieve those daily fiber goals quickly, but when it comes to ingesting fiber, it’s a good idea to take your time. You want to give your gut the chance to get used to the new amounts of fiber you’re eating. This will decrease some of the digestive side effects you see with a sudden increase, Turner-Mc Grievy says. Plan to take about two weeks to reach your goal, and pay attention to discomfort along the way. If you do experience any discomfort, it may be a sign that you shouldn’t add any more fiber just yet. Hydrate. Fluid and fiber go hand in hand: The more fiber you eat, the more fluid you need. “We need to make sure we drink an appropriate amount of water along with our fiber intake to allow for proper digestion,” says Turner-Mc Grievy. Remember that juices, soups, and other liquids count. If your diet is largely made up of whole foods, including lots of vegetables, beans, fruits, and whole grains, you could easily meet or even slightly exceed the daily recommended fiber intake. But fiber intake isn’t necessarily a “more is better” situation once you’ve met the daily requirement. Taking significantly more fiber than is recommended won’t magically improve your health, and could actually make you feel worse. 
Event horizon Event horizon In general relativity, an event horizon (EH) is a region in spacetime beyond which events cannot affect an outside observer. In layman's terms, it is defined as the shell of "points of no return", i.e., the boundary at which the gravitational pull of a massive object becomes so great as to make escape impossible. An event horizon is most commonly associated with black holes. Light emitted from inside the event horizon can never reach the outside observer. Likewise, any object approaching the horizon from the observer's side appears to slow down and never quite pass through the horizon,
_URL_0_ for eclipses if you also want maps of ideal viewing areas. _URL_1_ has a handy form at the bottom that generates a list/calendar of pretty much any celestial event with dates/times for your time zone.
Twitter From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Tweeted" redirects here. For other uses, see Tweet. Twitter, Inc. Screenshot The default page shown to logged-out users. Type of business Public Type of site News and social networking service Available in Multilingual Traded as NYSE : TWTRFounded March 21, 2006; 12 years ago Headquarters San Francisco, California, U. S. Coordinates 37.7768°N 122.4166°WCoordinates: 37.7768°N 122.4166°WArea served Worldwide Owner Jack Dorsey (2.2% equity; 12% voting)Founder (s) Jack Dorsey Noah Glass Biz Stone Evan Williams Key people Omid R. Kordestani ( Executive Chairman)Jack P. Dorsey ( Director & CEO)Ned Segal ( CFO)Industry Internet Revenue US$ 2.44 billion (2017)Operating income US$ 38.74 million (2017)Net income US$ -108.06 million (2017)Total assets US$ 7.41 billion (2017)Total equity US$ 5.05 billion (2017)Employees 3,372 (2017)Subsidiaries Vine Periscope Mo Pub Website twitter .com Alexa rank 13 US (Global, January 2018)Registration Required to post, follow, or be followed Users 330 million active users (October 2017)Launched July 15, 2006; 11 years ago Current status Active Written in Java Ruby Scala Java Script [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] [7] [8] [7] [7] [7] [9] [10]The Moments page as shown in US and Canadian markets on December 22, 2017. Twitter ( / ˈ t w ɪ t ər /) is an online news and social networking service on which users post and interact with messages known as "tweets". Tweets were originally restricted to 140 characters, but on November 7, 2017, this limit was doubled for all languages except Japanese, Korean, and Chinese. [11] Registered users can post tweets, but those who are unregistered can only read them. Users access Twitter through its website interface, through Short Message Service ( SMS) or mobile-device application software ("app"). [12] Twitter, Inc. is based in San Francisco, California, and has more than 25 offices around the world. [13]Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey, Noah Glass, Biz Stone, and Evan Williams and launched in July of that year. The service rapidly gained worldwide popularity. In 2012, more than 100 million users posted 340 million tweets a day, [14] and the service handled an average of 1.6 billion search queries per day. [15] [16] [17] In 2013, it was one of the ten most-visited websites and has been described as "the SMS of the Internet". [18] [19] As of 2016, Twitter had more than 319 million monthly active users. [9] On the day of the 2016 U. S. presidential election, Twitter proved to be the largest source of breaking news, with 40 million election-related tweets sent by 10 p.m. ( Eastern Time) that day. [20]Contents1 History1.1 Creation and initial reaction1.2 Growth1.2.1 2011–20141.2.2 2015 and slow growth1.2.3 Initial public offering (IPO)2 Leadership3 Logo4 Features4.1 Tweets4.1.1 Content4.1.2 Format4.1.3 Trending topics4.2 Adding and following content4.3 Verified accounts4.4 Mobile4.5 Third-party applications4.6 Related headlines feature4.7 Polls4.8 Streaming video5 Usage5.1 Demographics6 Finances6.1 Funding6.2 Revenue sources7 Technology7.1 Implementation7.2 Interface7.3 Outages7.4 Privacy, security, and harassment7.5 Open source7.6 Innovators patent agreement7.7 URL shortener7.8 Integrated photo-sharing service7.9 Twitterbots8 Developers9 Society9.1 Issues and controversies9.2 Censorship9.2.1 Trending topics9.2.2 Trust & Safety Council9.3 Impact9.3.1 Instant, short, and frequent communication9.3.2 Emergency use9.3.3 Education9.3.4 Public figures9.3.5 World leaders9.3.6 Religion9.3.7 Twitterbot effect9.4 GCHQ10 Television11 Statistics11.1 User accounts with large follower base11.2 Oldest accounts11.3 Record tweets12 See also13 References14 Further reading15 External links History Further information: Timeline of Twitter Creation and initial reaction A sketch, c. 2006, by Jack Dorsey, envisioning an SMS -based social network. Twitter's origins lie in a "daylong brainstorming session" held by board members of the podcasting company Odeo. Jack Dorsey, then an undergraduate student at New York University
Running or walking will both result in rain falling on your head. But the faster you run the more rain will collide with the anterior side of your body. I'd say there is a happy medium somewhere
I really like this guy but i'm not gay
Publication 463 (2017), Travel, Entertainment, Gift, and Car Expenses According to the IRS form instructions for line 9 of Schedule C (Form 1040): You can deduct the actual expenses of operating your car or truck or take the standard mileage rate.This is true even if you used your vehicle for hire (such as a taxi-cab). You must use actual expenses if you used five or more vehicles simultaneously in your business (such as in fleet operations).ccording to the IRS form instructions for line 9 of Schedule C (Form 1040): You can deduct the actual expenses of operating your car or truck or take the standard mileage rate.
- Welcome to Coventry Dental. We offer dental benefit plans and Medicare dental programs throughout the country. We contract with nationwide dental provider networks to provide quality dental care at significant savings. A subsidiary of Coventry Health Care, Coventry Dental brings more than 40 years of experience to its customers and members. We have created a portfolio of dental products designed to maximize coverage options and accommodate various budget and benefit needs.
Meters to feet and inches conversion Meters to feet and inches conversion This conversion calculator helps you convert between meters, feet and inches (m, ft and in), all of which are units of length and distance. Simply select the appropriate calculator option and then enter your figures into the box. Please note that you can convert between feet and inches here . Round: Meters to feet & inches Meters to feet Meters to inches Meters to feet and inchesmeters Feet and inches to metersfeet in Like this? Please share Disclaimer Whilst every effort has been made in building this meters, feet and inches conversion tool, we are not to be held liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages or monetary losses of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use of the converter tools and information derived from the web site. This meters, feet and inches conversion tool is here purely as a service to you, please use it at your own risk. Do not use calculations for anything where loss of life, money, property, etc could result from inaccurate conversions. Please see the full disclaimer for more information. Conversion FAQMy metric and imperial calculators can help you convert accurately between these units. However, if you want a quick and easy method for converting these manually in your head on the fly, help is at hand with our guide below. How to convert meters to feet and inches1 meter is equal to 3 feet and 3.37 inches. Working out a rough estimate in your head may be tricky. Remember that there are 12 inches in a foot. How to convert meters to feet1 meter is approximately 3.28084 feet. To convert meters to feet multiply your figure by 3.28084. Our articles section features an article on how many feet are in a meter . How to convert feet to meters1 foot is 0.3048 meters. To convert feet to meters multiply your figure by 0.3048. Should you wish to convert from feet to meters in your head, divide the figure by 3 for a very rough approximation. How to convert meters to inches There are approximately 39.37 inches in 1 meter. To convert meters to inches multiply your figure by 39.37. If you wish to calculate a rough estimate in your head, multiply your figure by 40. Should you wish to convert inches to meters, divide your inches figure by 40 for a rough approximation. How to convert feet to inches This calculation is quite straight forward in comparision. There are exactly 12 inches in 1 foot. So, multiply your feet figure by 12 to get your inches figure. If you wish to convert inches to feet, divide your inches figure by 12. To convert directly between meters and feet or meters and inches (plus many other units of length, distance and height), please use the length and distance converter. You will also find a converter for centimeters to feet and inches here . If you have any suggestions or queries about this conversion tool, please contact me . 
Translations for underground railroad Princeton's Word Net (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Underground Railroad, Underground Railway (noun)secret aid to escaping slaves that was provided by abolitionists in the years before the American Civil War Wiktionary (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Underground Railroad (Proper Noun)The Pre-American Civil War anti-slavery resistance movement dedicated to assisting escaped slaves in reaching safe territory. Freebase (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Underground Railroad The Underground Railroad was a network of secret routes and safe houses used by 19th-century black slaves in the United States to escape to free states and Canada with the aid of abolitionists and allies who were sympathetic to their cause. The term is also applied to the abolitionists, both black and white, free and enslaved, who aided the fugitives. Various other routes led to Mexico or overseas. While an "underground railroad" running south toward Florida, then a Spanish possession, existed from the late 17th century until shortly after the American Revolution, the network now generally known as the Underground Railroad was formed in the early 19th century, and reached its height between 1850 and 1860. One estimate suggests that by 1850, 100,000 slaves had escaped via the "Railroad". British North America, where slavery was prohibited, was a popular destination, as its long border gave many points of access. More than 30,000 people were said to have escaped there via the network during its 20-year peak period, although U. S. Census figures account for only 6,000. Some fugitives' stories are documented in The Underground Railroad by William Still. Numerology Chaldean Numerology The numerical value of underground railroad in Chaldean Numerology is: 7Pythagorean Numerology The numerical value of underground railroad in Pythagorean Numerology is: 3Sample Sentences & Example Usage Loretta Lynch father: The good guys won. That's what has happened in this country all along, even during slavery. Levi Coffin was a founder of the Underground Railroad. Even during slavery. A white man fought against slavery. So all over this land good folks have stood in the right lane, in the right path. Images & Illustrations of underground railroad Translations for underground railroad From our Multilingual Translation Dictionaryferrocarril subterráneo Spanish地下鉄 Japaneseferrovia subterrânea Portuguese Get even more translations for underground railroad »Translation Find a translation for the underground railroad definition in other languages: Select another language: Discuss these underground railroad definitions with the community: Word of the Day Would you like us to send you a FREE new word definition delivered to your inbox daily? Please enter your email address: Subscribe Citation Use the citation below to add this definition to your bibliography: Style: MLA Chicago APA"underground railroad." Definitions.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2018. Web. 7 Apr. 2018. < https://www.definitions.net/definition/underground railroad >. Are we missing a good definition for underground railroad? Don't keep it to yourself... Submit Definition 
Dead letter mail Dead letter mail or undeliverable mail is mail that cannot be delivered to the addressee or returned to the sender.ith increased collection and study of the postal markings originating from such offices, the body of literature on this obscure topic may grow. Many countries, including Canada and the United States, have issued special labels for envelopes that have travelled through the dead letter office.
Accessing Excel sheet using python in Raspbian
I ordered the Bundy militia a Qur'an...
Batman (TV series) called "The Escape" backed with "The Capture", which consisted of the Penguin narrating his recent crime spree to a jazz beat. Burt Ward recorded a song called "Boy Wonder, I Love You", written and arranged by Frank Zappa. In 1966, "Batman: The Exclusive Original Soundtrack Album" was released on LP, featuring music by Nelson Riddle and snippets of dialogue from Adam West, Burt Ward, Burgess Meredith, Frank Gorshin, Anne Baxter (as Zelda the Great) and George Sanders (the first Mr. Freeze). The "Batman Theme" was included, along with titles like "Batusi A Go! Go!", "Batman Thaws Mr. Freeze", and "Batman
The spiritual tradition of Dominic's Order is punctuated not only by charity, study and preaching, but also by instances of mystical union. The Dominican emphasis on learning and on charity distinguishes it from other monastic and mendicant orders. As the order first developed on the European continent, learning continued to be emphasized by these friars and their sisters in Christ. These religious also struggled for a deeply personal, intimate relationship with God. When the order reached England, many of these attributes were kept, but the English gave the order additional, specialized characteristics. This topic is discussed below.
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
- The requirements to become a real estate agent in Florida include being at least 18 years of age and having a high school diploma or its equivalent. Arrest and police history needs to be provided, plus fingerprints that are no older than 60 days.
- Use the shape of your face to help you pick your sunglasses shape. The following face shape matched to sunglasses style is recommended: 1  Oval face: The oval type usually has the perfect face shape, and can wear any style of glasses.f you want your sunglasses to protect you from these risks, look for pairs that block at least 99% of UVB rays and at least 95% of UVA rays.
If it's dense enough, 1 to any precision you care to employ. If it's not dense enough, 0 to any precision you care to employ.
What Temperature Do You Cook Meatloaf What Temperature Do You Cook Meatloaf. Meatloaf can be cooked at 375-400°F in an oven till it reaches an internal temperature of 160°. A large pack of ground meat, about two pounds, takes about one hour fifteen minutes or so.The temperature and time can vary depending on the taste and method of cooking.eatloaf can be cooked at 375-400°F in an oven till it reaches an internal temperature of 160°. A large pack of ground meat, about two pounds, takes about one hour fifteen minutes or so. The temperature and time can vary depending on the taste and method of cooking.
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
Straightforward application of Deep Belief Nets (DBNs) to acoustic modeling produces a rich distributed representation of speech data that is useful for recognition and yields impressive results on the speaker-independent TIMIT phone recognition task. However, the first-layer Gaussian-Bernoulli Restricted Boltzmann Machine (GRBM) has an important limitation, shared with mixtures of diagonalcovariance Gaussians: GRBMs treat different components of the acoustic input vector as conditionally independent given the hidden state. The mean-covariance restricted Boltzmann machine (mcRBM), first introduced for modeling natural images, is a much more representationally efficient and powerful way of modeling the covariance structure of speech data. Every configuration of the precision units of the mcRBM specifies a different precision matrix for the conditional distribution over the acoustic space. In this work, we use the mcRBM to learn features of speech data that serve as input into a standard DBN. The mcRBM features combined with DBNs allow us to achieve a phone error rate of 20.5%, which is superior to all published results on speaker-independent TIMIT to date.
How do you determine the Lewis structure of SO2?
- Land near Burtersett, Hawes, North Yorkshire Guide Prices: £85,000, £40,000, £20,000, £10,000, Sold £10,000, £50,000 Meadow and pasture land available in up to 6 lots from 2 Ac - 110 Ac... Land near Hawes, (Haylands), North Yorkshire Guide Price: £50,000 Sold Extending to 12.94 acres of useful road and riverside pasture land.
Luau It may feature food such as poi, kalua pig, poke, lomi salmon, opihi, haupia and beer, and entertainment such as traditional Hawaiian music and hula. Among people from Hawai‘i, the concepts of luau and party are often blended, resulting in graduation luau, wedding luau and birthday luau.arlier, such a feast was called a pā‘ina or ‘aha‘aina. The modern name comes from that of a food often served at a luau; squid or chicken lū‘au, which consist of meat, lū‘au (or taro) leaves, and coconut milk. The main dish of the luau is kālua pig. Another dish that is served is poi, made from the roots of taro.
hi! there's room for more input on this, but you may be interested in these... * [What was life like before bras?](_URL_0_) - featuring /u/cecikierk and /u/colevintage  * [Bras/chest support in Roman times?](_URL_2_) * [When did people start wearing underwear? Did men and women start to wear underwear at different points in history? And when did underwear start being something the majority of people wear?](_URL_1_) - featuring /u/colevintage  * [When did it become socially unacceptable for women in western societies to not wear a bra? Is there any documented reason why this came about?](_URL_3_) - more from /u/colevintage
Palio (2015 film) Palio is a 2015 British documentary film. Filmed in Siena, Italy, the film documents Palio di Siena, the oldest continually run horse race in the world that is held twice each year. It is directed by Cosima Spender, and produced by James Gay-Rees and John Hunt. It was written by Hunt and Spender.
Amazing Facts About Black Panther Share Google Stumble Twitter Click Share This on Facebook130SHARESThe panther (also known as black panther), the malanistic version of species of larger cats, is known by different names at different places. In Latin America, it is known as jaguar; leopard is the name given in Asia and Africa; and in North America, it is called as cougar or panther. Panthers are very scary and with black body and yellow eyes, they become even more frightening. The cubs of panther can be black or fair with spots. Tree is their second home and they often hunt from trees. They hide in the branches of trees and pounce on the prey from there, almost stunning the prey. They attack the prey’s neck so as to stop their nasal cavity and finally choking them to death. They store the hunted food in trees in order to hide it food from scavengers. They can be mostly found in Nepal, Assam, Malay Peninsula, Myanmar, and China. It is believed that some species of panther also exist in United Kingdom and America. Read the next section to collect some more interesting and amazing facts about the panther. Fast Facts Scientific Name: Panthera Pardus Kingdom: Animalia Phylum: Chordata Class: Mammalia Order: Carnivora Family: Felidae Subfamily: Felinae Species: Pardus (leopard)/ Onca (jaguar)/ leo (lion)/ Tigris (tiger) Shape: Big cats Diet: Carnivore Size: Body: 4.25 to 6.25ft; Tail: 3.5 to 4.4ft Weight: 29 to 91kg Teeth: 32 Life Span: 20 years under supervision and 12 years on their own Natural Habitat: Rainforest, woodlands, marshland, swamps, deserts and mountains Call: Roar, growl, snarl Gestation Period: 3 to 4 months Number of Offspring: 2 to 4 cubs Interesting And Fun Facts About Black Panther Panthers have a dark black body but from a close distance you can see leopard prints or spots on their body. Therefore, spots or prints, the main feature of panthers’ body is not lost in their mutation. Panthers are great swimmers and often dive to relax themselves. They have keen sense of hearing and extremely good eye sight with strong jaws and firm claws to hold on their prey. They are very agile and can leap up to 20 feet to catch their food. Medium sized animals, like deer, antelopes, monkeys; and small animals, like rabbits and birds are the main source of their food. It is the fifth largest species of cat as it has a very large skull and long body, but its legs are short. Their large skull makes for a very strong jaw, with which they can even attack and kill a giraffe. They are very good and strong climbers and can take their heavy prey on trees and devour the food there. Their speed is up to 58 kilometres per hour and they can run after their prey with the same speed. They love to stay alone but come close for mating. The she-panther stays with the cubs till they are one and an half years old or till they learn the skills to hunt. Panther cubs are blind and their eyes are closed and covered with slightly grey fur when they are born. They don’t open their eyes until they are nearly two weeks old. Black jaguars may give birth to either complete black or spotted cubs, but a pair of spotted jaguars can produce spotted cubs only. The black jaglion female and the tanned spotted jaglion male were produced in the bear creek wildlife sanctuary, Canada, by inadvertently crossing a lioness named Lola with the lion named Diablo. Usually cubs are very fast learners and they are able to catch small preys by the age of six to nine months and they become expert in catching a bigger prey at the age of two years. It has been believed that black leopards are rejected by their mothers at the time of birth due to their colour. But actually, poor temperament, as a side-effect of inbreeding, is the main reason for this behaviour. The colour of their skin helps them in camouflaging at night and catching a prey. The black leopard differs completely from the snow leopard, found in Himalayas of India. They have albinism which reduces pigmentation as opposed to melanism in black panthers. Pseudo-melanism—the effect of having more generous markings a
How long are US bank account numbers? Answer Wiki. ABA routing numbers are 9 digits. There is no well defined standard for the length of US bank account numbers. The NACHA standard file format defines the account number as up to 17 digits. In my drawer I have checks from different banks with 8 digit and 10 digit account numbers.
This comment is not toxic.
Burial Benefits Burial Benefits. 1  Under the current regulations, VA pays for burial and funeral expenses on a reimbursement basis, which requires survivors to submit receipts for relatively small one-time payments that VA generally pays at the maximum amount permitted by law.
Hyrmine In Greek mythology, Hyrmine (Ὑρμίνη ) was a daughter of Neleus, Nycteus, or, according to others, of Epeius and Anaxiroe, and sister of Alector (though others assert she was an only child). She was the wife of Phorbas and by him the mother of the Argonauts Augeas, Actor and Tiphys. The natural father of Augeas by her may have been Helios.
testing testing Also found in: Thesaurus, Medical, Legal, Financial, Idioms, Encyclopedia, Wikipedia. Related to testing: Testing123test 1 (tĕst)n.1. A procedure for critical evaluation; a means of determining the presence, quality, or truth of something; a trial: a test of one's eyesight; subjecting a hypothesis to a test; a test of an athlete's endurance.2. A series of questions, problems, or physical responses designed to determine knowledge,intelligence, or ability.3. A basis for evaluation or judgment: "A test of democratic government is how Congress andthe president work together" (Haynes Johnson).4. Chemistry A physical or chemical change by which a substance may be detected or itsproperties ascertained.5. A cupel.v. test·ed, test·ing, testsv. tr.1. To subject to a test; try: tested the pen by scribbling on scrap paper; testing jobapplicants.2. To reveal the degree of (a given quality) in someone or something by or as if by means of a test: The experiment tested the rats' ability to solve spatial problems. The long war tested thecountry's resolve.3.a. To identify the presence or amount of one or more substances in: tested the waterfor lead.b. To identify the amount of (a substance) in something: tested the nitrogen andphosphorus in the soil.c. To ascertain the properties of: tested the steel for hardness and tensile strength.d. To assay (metal) in a cupel.v. intr.1. To undergo a test.2. To administer a test: test for acid content; test for the presence of an antibody.3. To achieve a score or rating on tests: tested high on the entrance exams.4. To exhibit a given characteristic when subjected to a test: test positive for the tuberclebacillus. [Middle English, cupel, from Old French, pot, from Latin testū, testum . ]test′a·bil′i·ty n.test′a·ble adj.test 2 (tĕst)n. A hard external covering, as that of certain amoebas, dinoflagellates, and sea urchins. [Latin testa, shell . ]American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fifth Edition. Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved. Thesaurus Antonyms Related Words Synonyms Legend: Switch to new thesaurus Noun 1. testing - the act of subjecting to experimental test in order to determine how well something works; "they agreed to end the testing of atomic weapons"experiment, experimentation - the act of conducting a controlled test or investigation2. testing - an examination of the characteristics of something; "there are laboratories forcommercial testing"; "it involved testing thousands of children for smallpox"examination, scrutiny - the act of examining something closely (as for mistakes)screening - testing objects or persons in order to identify those with particularcharacteristics3. testing - the act of giving students or candidates a test (as by questions) to determinewhat they know or have learnedexaminationinvestigating, investigation - the work of inquiring into something thoroughly andsystematically11-plus, eleven-plus - (formerly in Britain) an examination taken by 11 and 12 yearold students to select suitable candidates for grammar school Based on Word Net 3.0, Farlex clipart collection. © 2003-2012 Princeton University, Farlex Inc.testingadjective difficult, trying, demanding, taxing, challenging, searching, tough, exacting, formidable, rigorous, strenuous, arduous The most testing time is the early months of yourreturn to work.easy, undemanding, simple, gentle, mild, straightforward Collins Thesaurus of the English Language – Complete and Unabridged 2nd Edition. 2002 © Harper Collins Publishers 1995, 2002Translations Select a language:testing [ˈtestɪŋ]A. ADJ (= difficult) → duroit was a testing experience for her → fue una experiencia muy dura para ellait was a testing time → fue un período difícil B. N → pruebas fpl C. CPD testing ground N → zona f de pruebas, terreno m de pruebas Collins Spanish Dictionary - Complete and Unabridged 8th Edition 2005 © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1971, 1988 © Harper Collins Publishers 1992, 1993, 1996, 1997, 2000
Employability Skills Employability Skills Employability skills or "soft skills" are the key to workplace success. Employability skills are a set of skills and behaviors that are necessary for every job. Employability skills are sometimes called soft skills, foundational skills, work-readiness skills, or job-readiness skills. Employability skills allow you to:communicate with coworkerssolve problemsunderstand your role within the teammake responsible choices, andtake charge of your own career Personal qualities, habits, and attitudes influence how you interact with others. Employers value employability skills because they are linked to how you get along with coworkers and customers, your job performance, and your career success. Essential Employability Skills Foundational Skills Be organized. Arrive to work on time, or early. Be dependable. Have a positive attitude toward work. Exert high levels of effort and perseverance. Complete tasks on time and accurately. Seek out information to improve skills. Be flexible and adaptable. Complete all tasks, even if unpleasant. Understand dress code or uniform guidelines. Maintain personal hygiene. Interpersonal Skills Be friendly and polite. Respect supervisors and coworkers. Respond appropriately to customer requests. Ask for feedback. Take constructive criticism. Resolve conflicts calmly and appropriately. Communication Skills Read and understand written materials. Listen, understand, and ask questions. Follow directions. Express ideas clearly when speaking or writing. Learn required technology and use appropriately. Problem Solving and Critical Thinking Accept change. Be willing to start, stop, and switch duties. Work calmly in busy environments. Start tasks without prompting. Ask questions to solve problems do job better. Teamwork Be comfortable working with people of diverse backgrounds. Be sensitive to other peoples' needs. Take responsibility for own share of work. Contribute to team goals. Ethics and Legal Responsibilities Take responsibility for own decisions and actions. Understand and follow company rules and procedures. Be honest and trustworthy. Act professionally and with maturity. Professional Skills The general employability skills above help you to get hired and to keep any job. In addition, anyone who wants to advance in their careers and people working in higher-level jobs should have the following professional skills. Career Development Learn new skills and take on different projects. Serve on work committees. Take initiative and work with little supervision. Understand your industry and common business practices. Align your work goals with the mission and vision of your employer. Understand the different roles of coworkers. Leadership Coach and mentor others. Be willing to take risks. Be able to negotiate. Motivate and direct people as they work. Demonstrate efficiency. Seek to simplify processes. Save time or money for the company by analyzing business needs. Build partnerships and teams with coworkers. 
Boxing and Widening
porcupinenoun  [ C] porcupine meaning, definition, what is porcupine: an animal with a covering of long, sharp quills (= stiff hairs like needles) on its back. Learn more.
Attack on Titan is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama . The series began in Kodansha 's Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine on September 9 , 2009 , and has been collected into 22 tankōbon volumes as of April 2017 . It is set in a world where humanity lives in cities surrounded by enormous walls ; a defense against the Titans , gigantic humanoids that eat humans seemingly without reason . The story initially centers on Eren Yeager , his adopted sister Mikasa Ackerman and childhood friend Armin Arlert , who join the military to fight the Titans after their home town is invaded and Eren 's mother is eaten . However , as the story progresses and the truths about the Titans are slowly revealed to the reader , the narrative shifts to encompass Historia Reiss , squad leader Levi , Eren 's father Grisha , and other supporting characters .   The spin-off light novel series Before the Fall began in December 2011 and has received a manga adaptation . Two additional light novel series and four additional spin-off manga series have also been created . An anime television adaptation produced by Wit Studio and Production I.G aired in Japan on MBS between April and September 2013 and a second season of the series premiered in April 2017 . Four video game adaptations developed by Nitroplus staffers in collaboration with Production I.G were announced to be released as bonus content for the third and sixth volumes of the Blu-ray Disc release of the anime , with another game developed by Spike Chunsoft for the Nintendo 3DS . A two-part live-action film adaptation , Attack on Titan and Attack on Titan : End of the World , and a live-action web-series were released in 2015 . An anime adaptation of the Junior High spin-off manga , produced by Production I.G , began airing in October 2015 . Attack on Titan and all five spin-off manga are published in North America by Kodansha Comics USA , while the three novel series are published by Vertical . The anime has been licensed by Funimation for North America , by Manga Entertainment for the UK , and by Madman Entertainment for Australasia .   Attack on Titan has become a commercial success . As of April 2017 , the manga has 66 million copies in print . The release of the anime also saw a boost in the series ' popularity , with it having received widespread critical acclaim for its atmosphere and story . Although it also gained fame in neighboring Asian countries , the series ' themes have been a subject of controversy .
. To Our Net Wellness Visitors: The Net Wellness consumer health website will be offline for an indefinite period. Partner universities Case Western Reserve University, The Ohio State University and the University of Cincinnati are grateful to have offered this public service since 1995. As one of the first consumer health websites, Net Wellness faculty experts have contributed diverse expertise from their specialties in a non-profit advertising-free environment. The Net Wellness team and our universities remain committed to this mission as a vital part of our inherent university service to the public. We hope to restore this service at some point in the future. We are grateful for our Net Wellness audience across the country and around the world. Please direct your comments and feedback to info@netwellness.org. The Net Wellness Team LOGIN 
African Animal of the Week: Cape Buffalo While the exact price of a buffalo hunt depends on the specific country and outfitter, an all inclusive Cape buffalo hunt will usually run $10,000-30,000, with an average of around $14,000-15,000.
Get event information.
Buddhism in the United States immigrants in the 19th century, when significant numbers of immigrants from East Asia began to arrive in the New World. In the United States, immigrants from China entered around 1820, but began to arrive in large numbers following the 1849 California Gold Rush. Immigrant Buddhist congregations in North America are as diverse as the different peoples of Asian Buddhist extraction who settled there. The US is home to Chinese Buddhists, Japanese Buddhists, Korean Buddhists, Sri Lankan Buddhists, Cambodian Buddhists, Vietnamese Buddhists, Thai Buddhists, and Buddhists with family backgrounds in most Buddhist countries and regions. The Immigration Act of 1965 increased
Can you get poison ivy on your tongue how do you treat it? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Home & Garden Plants and Flowers Poison Ivy, Oak, and Sumac Can you get poison ivy on your tongue how do you treat it? Flag Can you get poison ivy on your tongue how do you treat it? Answer by Star82 Confidence votes 89You can, if you have placed the leaves in contact with your tongue, or with something that had the plant's toxins (Urushiol) on it. There's no topical treatment for poison ivy in your mouth except perhaps sucking on ice chips to numb the area. In this unusual case, your doctor might consider a course of prednisone (which I'd recommend he start with an injection). If this in any way comes even a little close to impairing your breathing, off you go to the Emergency room. Poison Ivy works as an allergy works, with all the incumbant dangers allergies present. You can also get it in your mouth or tongue by burning it. The toxins travel in the smoke as well.10 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No MD Proactive 13 Contributions How do you treat poison ivy? Depending on the severity, poison ivy can be treated by over the counter medications such as benadryl. Most cases require prescription strength topical cortisone cream or …Destiny Hatfield 8 Contributions How do you treat poison ivy rashes? This advice is to be taken at your own risk. Apply bleach (Chlorox) diluted with water (1:1 or less). This will dissolve and dry up the reaction. Start with a test area and a …Can triamcinolone acetonide cream treat poison Ivy? I was prescribed triamcinolone acetonide for my poison ivy, so I'm guessing the consensus in the medical field is that it does work. I am very allergic to poison ivy, an …Sk8ergirl116 1 Contribution What treats poison ivy reactions? you put calamine lotion on it!Freezinweasle 6,002 Contributions What are the effects of mixing cocaine with steroids being taken to treat poison ivy? The effects of cocainemixed with anything is not good. Cocaine by itself is destructive and deadly. Simple Mary 100,934 Contributions Nine years of answering historical, educational and home improvement questions on answers.com. If I don't know the answer, I look it up How to treat Poison ivy on skin? The trick is to remove the oil from the skin as fast as possible. Wash the area with cold water for several minutes. Do not use soap or a washcloth. If swelling comes up quick …Can mometasone furoate cream treat poison ivy? That is what I was prescribed, so yes. Cjonb Will peeing on poison ivy treat it? No it won't. It'll just add to the cleanup. Christopher Mayfield 1,190 Contributions What do you do when you have poison ivy? Be certain to thoroughly wash all affected body parts with cold water and strong detergent soap (never use hot water as it opens up skin pores driving the urushiol resin still …What class of drugs treats poison ivy? Corticosteroids Gale Ency. of Medicine How is allergic reaction to poison ivy and poison oak treated immediately? The allergic reaction should be treated by immediately washing the area with soap and water. Taking a bath immediately is not recommended as it could spread the reaction. What class of drugs is typically used to treat poison ivy?corticosteroids Answered In Poison Ivy, Oak, and Sumac Can Desoximetasone be used to treat poison ivy? Probably. Answered In Poison Ivy, Oak, and Sumac How do you treat poison ivy on your tongue? You can't. You'll get a sickness from eating ( or licking) the oil on the plant. NEVER LICK POISON IVY, OAK OR ANY OTHER POISONOUS PLANT. Peter Zavon 201,985 Contributions Answered In Poison Ivy, Oak, and Sumac How do treat poison ivy on your tongue? If you get poison ivy on your tongue, which you can do if you put the leaves in your mouth or are exposed to the smoke from burning poison ivy, you should see a doctor. There' …Summer Maple 31,552 Contributions Answered In Poison Ivy, Oak, and Sumac How do you treat poison ivy in vaginal area? I will suggest you talk with your physician about this. Most commercial poison ivy medications are not i
That's not what the Antarctic Treaty says: **Article 4** – The treaty does not recognize, dispute, nor establish territorial sovereignty claims; no new claims shall be asserted while the treaty is in force. Basically, with regards to the claims, countries have agreed to disagree, and agree that no one is going to enforce their claims.
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
Chinese zodiac off at the finish line and finishing first. In Chinese mythology, a story tells that the cat was tricked by the Rat so it could not go to the banquet. This is why the cat is ultimately not part of the Chinese zodiac. In Buddhism, legend has it that Gautama Buddha summoned all of the animals of the Earth to come before him before his departure from this Earth, but only 12 animals actually came to bid him farewell. To reward the animals who came to him, he named a year after each of them. The years were given to
- The average national tree removal cost is $650, though homeowners can spend anywhere between $75 and $1,500 on the expenditure. Trees can beautify a yard or a whole neighborhood, but from time to time and for various reasons they might need to be cut down.he average cost to remove a palm tree is approximately $150 to $450 to remove if their height is 30 feet. If they're 80 feet tall or more, you might spend $1,100 to $1,500 to have the tree professionally felled.
What Is Deafness and How Are Deaf Children Supported in School? School Special Education What Is Deafness and How Are Deaf Children Supported in School? Classroom Communication Techniques and Settings for Deaf Children By Ann Logsdon Updated September 07, 2017Share Pin Email Print AMELIE-BENOIST/BSIP/Getty Images Deafness is a disorder affecting the ability to hear. It refers to the complete inability to hear. Under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA), the diagnostic category of deafness does not include people with limited hearing. People with limited hearing would be served under the category of hearing impairment under the IDEA. The National Association of the Deaf (NAD) defines deafness as the "audiological condition of not hearing." The NAD includes people with very limited hearing who cannot rely on their limited sense of hearing for comfortable communication. Causes of Deafness Most deaf children are born to hearing parents. Causes of deafness include: Heredity: Genetic links have been found in the Human Genome Mapping Project Severe illness in childhood such as rubella (German measles) or spinal meningitis Prenatal maternal illnesses Exposure to long-term loud noise or exposure to sudden extreme noise Preventable prenatal substance abuse Physical injury or damage to the brain, the head, or the ear Age-related hearing loss How Deaf Children Are Taught in School In many cases, deaf children with normal intelligence can learn in the typical classroom—provided they have appropriate supports in place. There are several different types of supports that can help to ensure academic success for a deaf child. These include: Appropriate communication techniques. Some deaf children do have limited residual hearing and may be able to benefit from technologies such as FM listening systems and personal acoustic system. A completely deaf child has no residual hearing, so use of spoken language—even with technologies to boost sound—will not be effective. American Sign Language is the most common tool for communication; in many cases, a classroom aide trained in American Sign will need to be present in order for the deaf child to learn along with his or her peers. Appropriate classroom accommodations. Deaf children make extensive use of visual information, so it is very important to seat the child in a location where he or she can clearly see any visual content being presented. Supportive technologies. While sound-enhancing technologies may not be useful for deaf children, text-to-speech and speech-to-text technologies can provide tremendous support. Especially as children grow older, the ability to quickly and accurately interpret and produce spoken language can make a huge positive difference in a child's life. Tutoring. In addition to the above in-school techniques, tutoring services may also be helpful for children who are deaf or hard of hearing. Specialized Educational Settings Deaf children are entitled to a free and appropriate education in public school. That said, however, some deaf children benefit from and/or prefer specialized schools for the deaf. There are several reasons why this might be the case. Some deaf children find it extremely difficult to interact well with hearing peers and may find themselves the victim of bullying. Studies have found deaf children have problems in communicating, initiating and entering conversations and maintaining conversations with hearing peers. Some families prefer that their deaf child is taught in an environment in which their needs are considered across the board, in sports and after-school activities, in gym, and in arts programs. The deaf community has a strong cultural component, and some families feel that deaf culture should be a part of their child's experience from the start. Schools for the deaf provide an opportunity to be immersed in deaf culture. This gives children the opportunity from an early age to form friendships which are not limited by the communication of gap of deafness and develops friendships which can follow them after they are finished 
LaGrange, Georgia 9.7%. According to our research of Georgia and other state lists there were 208 registered sex offenders living in LaGrange, Georgia as of October 06, 2015. The ratio of number of residents in LaGrange to the number of sex offenders is 147 to 1.
Dear World, Canada will be closed from noon to 3pm (PST) on Sunday. There is a really big hockey game on.


Cross-posted from r/canada.


Credit to an acquaintance of mine on FB for the title and credit to daelpheia for suggesting the crosspost.
Could be because most tvs either run PAL (25 fps) or NTSC (29.97 fps) formats, whereas cinemas typically run at 24 fps. The more frames per second, the more detail your brain gets and so the easier it is to see the special fx and sets etc.
What you are thinking of is the [telomeres](_URL_0_)
Hobbit Tales from the Green Dragon Inn Hobbit Tales from the Green Dragon Inn Hobbit Tales from the Green Dragon Inn Hobbit Tales from the Green Dragon Inn Author Marco Maggi and Francesco Nepitello Illustrator Jon Hodgson, Andy Hepworth, Ralph Horsley, Jeremy Mchugh, Jan Pospíšil Publisher Cubicle 7 Entertainment Released 2013Hobbit Tales from the Green Dragon Inn is a game from Cubicle 7, playable with The One Ring role-playing game. [ edit] Official description Players are Hobbits telling tales in front of a mug of beer at their favourite inn in the Shire. Silent woods and remote mountains, Elves, Goblins and Giants populate their stories... During the game, players take turns as the Narrator and improvise a story using a hand of illustrated cards. The other players try to twist the tale, playing hazards and fearsome monsters. Drinks are served, smoke-rings are blown, and the best narrator is cheered by everyone present. Hobbit Tales is a game for 2 to 5 Hobbits, authored by the award-winning designers Marco Maggi and Francesco Nepitello, creators of the Tolkien-themed War of the Ring strategy game and The One Ring role-playing game. This game contains a set of rules, 1 board, 75 Adventure cards, 40 Hazard cards, 5 coasters, a set of cardboard tokens and a twelve-sided The One Ring Feat die. Includes rules to use Hobbit Tales in conjunction with the The One Ring, Cubicle 7’s role-playing game set in Tolkien’s Middle-earth. [ edit] External links Official page Category: The One Ring (role-playing game)Page Talk Edit History 
Notes on Nursing and practices for the following areas: Later editions of "Notes on Nursing" are available to the public today. The 2009 edition of Notes on Nursing: A Guide for today's care givers is published by Elsevier in conjunction with the International Council of Nurses. Notes on Nursing Notes on Nursing: What it is and What it is Not is a book first published by Florence Nightingale in 1859. A 76-page volume with 3 page appendix published by Harrison of Pall Mall, it was intended to give hints on nursing to those entrusted with the health of others. Florence Nightingale stressed that
Area code 606 Approximate service area of Area Code 606 is in red. Area code 606 is a telephone area code serving the easternmost part of the state of Kentucky. Cities and towns in the area code include Ashland, Morehead, Hazard, Middlesboro, Somerset, London, Corbin, Paintsville, Pikeville and Maysville.Most of its service area lies within the Kentucky region known as the Eastern Kentucky Coalfield.n 1999, most of the northwestern portion of the old 606 territory, including Lexington and Northern Kentucky, split off as area code 859.
Occidental Papagayo Home > Central and South America > Guanacaste > Occidental Papagayo Guanacaste Occidental Papagayo Email | Share |Occidental Papagayo1 of 28Now showing Photo, Occidental Papagayoselected All Inclusive2018 Exceptional Values!Extra Value: Includes up to $500 in Resort Discounts (booking dates, travel dates, duration, and usage restrictions apply). Honeymoon: Receive the Sweet Love Honeymoon Package complimentary when booking the minimum required room category for a minimum of 7 nights. Occidental Papagayo is an all-inclusive, adults-only (18+) resort in Guanacaste, ideal for those seeking rest and relaxation. The resort is situated on a hillside offering spectacular views of the sea. You'll unwind in unmatched seclusion, surrounded by the wild, natural beauty characteristic of Costa Rica's northern Pacific coast. For a fun-filled afternoon, enjoy a variety of events in the daily activities program, or lounge by the two pools. Try non-motorized watersports, including snorkeling and kayaking, and work out in the fitness room. The evenings are full of surprises, with shows, live music, bars, and a disco to spice-up your night. The four restaurants at the Occidental Papagayo offer-up the best cuisine from Costa Rica and around the world. For the ultimate in luxury and service, upgrade to the Royal Club, which offers exclusive amenities, private areas, and concierge service. Find more information about Occidental Hotels & Resorts. Learn more about Guanacaste.« Back Ratings & Reviews Facilities Rooms Dining & Entertainment Apple Vacations Customer Satisfaction Score Hotel Average What to expect Food Quality Comfort Cleanliness Service174 Recommend 174 past Apple Vacationers would recommend Occidental Papagayo to their friends and family Trip Advisor Web Reviews Based on 3590reviews What to expect Location Rooms Service Value Trip Advisor Traveller Reviews Not bad, but not great, for the price. Brian K, Bloomfield, Connecticut Thu Apr 05 07:09:14 EDT 2018First trip to Costa Rica. We didn't know what to expect or where to go. We spent 6 nights here then transferred far South to a rainforest resort. I would have been fine with 3 nights here, but 6 seemed to be a little much. I just found myself counting the days down until our transfer and will skip this isolated area, when we return to Costa Rica. I am more of a bird and nature enthusiast, and this resort seemed to be quite a distance to what I was looking for in a "true" Costa Rican experience. This is no fault of the resort and just my honest opinion. There were some birds and wildlife on the grounds. If you want to get out on some trips, Look for Estif (Steve), with Jacamar tours, down on the beach or down around the lower pool area. The first day we found him, it was his day off and he spent the whole morning talking to us. He got us booked on some really memorable trips with their amazing birding guide, David. If you are a birder, ask for David. That was our real highlight of our trip to this area, even though we had to drive hours to get to the good spots. There were iguanas, raccoons and monkeys on the grounds, often seen. The food in the buffet was good on some days and not great on others. Both the Italian and Oriental restaurants had AMAZING food. You can only book 1 night at a restaurant for every 3 nights you stay, and you need to make your reservations early in the morning, the day of, or you risk a very late reservation or just not getting to go. This was a little disappointing. The staff were very friendly and wonderful. Rooms were clean and spacious. Not sure if the AC was broken in our room, but even at the lowest setting, the room was an icebox (this coming from a New Englander). The grounds require quite a bit of walking to get around and some pretty steep hills to walk in some very hot sun. Make sure you stay hydrated. There are water coolers all over to help with this. One pet peeve of mine was that the walkways are also the cart roads for the luggage/people cars to get around, so you find yourself often having to step off the path, into th
Female circumcision is something of a euphemism, and the term covers a large variety of different practices. These are rarely analogous to male circumcision, where for example just the critoral hood is removed. There are cultures which do that, but it's rare.  More commonly, it involves the removal of the entire clitoris and/or parts of the labia, and sometimes goes much farther than that. An equivalent operation for a male would be, perhaps, removing the entire head of the penis instead of just the foreskin.  They aren't in any sense analogous procedures...
HVAC Salary. How much do HVAC technicians make? Salary of a HVAC technician depends on many factors. Anyway, the median pay for this kind of specialist in the United States is $41,000.ocation influences your salary probably even more than experience, the only reason why we have put this factor on a second place is because concrete employer and his current situation mean more than just location. Let us explain. As a HVAC technician, you will find job in any state.
There were a few types, but the most important were the ones which used radio waves. They had a radio transmitter/receiver combination which picked up reflections from the nearby aircraft. Since the shell was moving rapidly towards the aircraft, the reflected waves were shifted in frequency due to the Doppler effect (police radars use the same principle). The frequency shift was detected and triggered the fuse.
That's part of the inflammation response. The sinus and nasal tissues swell up, and mucus is produced in an effort to flush out the irritant.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
Meadowbrook Terrace, Florida The ZIP code that serves the community is 32073, and the local area code is 904.
This comment is not toxic.
ISPs may engage in peering, where multiple ISPs interconnect at peering points or Internet exchange points (IXs), allowing routing of data between each network, without charging one another for the data transmitted—data that would otherwise have passed through a third upstream ISP, incurring charges from the upstream ISP.
Jesse Garon and the Desperadoes album "Nixon" followed, and in October 1990, they released their final single, the "Hold Me Now" EP. Schoppler released a solo album, "1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8" in 2000, recorded with Mick Cooke of Belle & Sebastian and Roy Hunter. Jesse Garon and the Desperadoes Jesse Garon and the Desperadoes were a Scottish band formed from around, and within, the Edinburgh indie pop scene of the mid-1980s. The band had a distinctive guitar-jangle sound with male and female vocals. The band took their name from Elvis Presley's stillborn twin brother, Jesse Garon Presley. The original members of
Cisco Router interface configuration commands How to view the summary of the router interfaces To view the summary of the router interfaces, run the IOS command "show ip interface brief" from privileged mode.omnisecu.com.router01#show ip interface brief Interface IP-Address OK? Method Status Protocol Fast Ethernet0/0 172.16.0.1 YES manual up up Fast Ethernet0/1 unassigned YES unset administratively down down Serial0/0 172.17.0.1 YES manual up up Serial0/1 unassigned YES unset administratively down down How to open interface configuration mode To open interface configuration mode, type "interface interface_name" from global configuration mode.omnisecu.com.router01 (config)#interface fa0/0 omnisecu.com.router01 (config-if)#How o assign an IP address to a router interface To assign an IP address to an interface run the following command from interface configuration mode.omnisecu.com.router01 (config-if)#ip address 172.16.0.1 255.255.0.0You have to enter both IP address and subnet mask. How to add a description to router interface To add a description to router interface, run the following command from router interface configuration mode.omnisecu.com.router01 (config-if)#description Main Building LANThe configured description can be viewed in the output of the "show interfaces" command. How to disable a router interface To disable a router interface run "shutdown" IOS command from interface configuration mode.omnisecu.com.router01 (config-if)#shutdown %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface Fast Ethernet0/0, changed state to administratively down %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Fast Ethernet0/0, changed state to down How to enable a router interface To enable a router interface run "no shutdown" IOS command from interface configuration mode.omnisecu.com.router01 (config-if)#no shutdown omnisecu.com.router01 (config-if)# LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface Fast Ethernet0/0, changed state to up %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface Fast Ethernet0/0, changed state to up Jajish Thomas on<< Router interface naming convention Different types of interfaces in a Cisco Router >>Related Topics • Cisco IOS Command Line modes • Basic Cisco Router Configuration Commands • Cisco Router Show Commands • Important Key Combinations of Cisco IOS Command Line Interface (CLI) • Router interface naming convention 
Passive And Active Solar Energy Active Solar Energy. Active solar energy technologies convert the energy of the sun into usable light and heat. An active solar system has the capacity to store energy for later use by storing it in batteries. An active solar energy system uses electrical or mechanical equipment or processes to increase the usable heat in a system.
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
This comment is not toxic.
International Routing Code and SWIFT Code for HDFC India Abhik..:: The ONE ::.. Messages: 11,340Likes Received: 606Best Answers: 0Trophy Points: 410Digital Goods: 2#1Hello, I just contacted my branch and they gave me a number something like this HDFCINBBCAL and said it will act as International Routing Code as well as SWIFT Code. Is that so? I need to put it in my Escrow account. Regards Abhik, Jan 9, 2008dnk Well-Known Member Messages: 1,570Likes Received: 23Best Answers: 0Trophy Points: 143#2Yes, SWIFT code is some thing like that. For routing , ask their correspondent bank information.dnk, Jan 9, 2008Abhik..:: The ONE ::.. Messages: 11,340Likes Received: 606Best Answers: 0Trophy Points: 410Digital Goods: 2#3They said it will work as a routing code too.. but I wanna make sure first. Abhik, Jan 9, 2008dpravin Peon Messages: 2Likes Received: 0Best Answers: 0Trophy Points: 1#4routine code and BIC code are the same. But routine code and swift are different. [HR] [/HR] We provide high quality PR4-PR8 contextual link building service, which will increase your site rankings on Google, increase your site traffic & sales for ~250% within 6 months on average, and increase its Google Page Rank up to PR4, PR5 or even PR6! Sign up free below now to see what kind of links we can build for you, and where they'll come from. www.tinyurl.com/linksmanagedpravin, Dec 3, 2012iwebsocial Well-Known Member Messages: 1,546Likes Received: 53Best Answers: 4Trophy Points: 120#5Yes! They are right, I will work as an Routing Code as well as Swift Code, Nothing Problem with that.iwebsocial, Dec 4, 2012 
Feltham, Middlesex I’ve lived in Feltham since the 70’s and I can honestly say it is the one of the worst scumholes in the United Kingdom. The residents of Feltham are no better than peasants. They are ignorant, violent, ugly and smelly. Do yourself a favour, and never ever ever go to Feltham.
3,000 hit club could bat from either side of the plate. Ten of these players have played for only one major league team. Six players—Hank Aaron, Willie Mays, Eddie Murray, Rafael Palmeiro, Albert Pujols and Alex Rodriguez—are also members of the 500 home run club. At .367, Cobb holds the highest career batting average among club members, while Cal Ripken Jr. holds the lowest at .276. Rodriguez, Derek Jeter, and Wade Boggs are the only players to hit a home run for their 3,000th hit and Paul Molitor and Ichiro Suzuki are the only players to hit a triple for their 3,000th; all
Elaborating on kelsham's answer: You buy 100 shares XYZ at $1, for a total cost of $100 plus commissions. You sell 100 shares XYZ at $2, for a total income of $200 minus commissions. Exclusive of commissions, your capital gain is $100 for this trade, and you will pay taxes on that.  Even if you proceed to buy 200 shares XYZ at $1, reinvesting all your income from the sale, you still owe taxes on that $100 gain.  The IRS has met this trick before.
Swollen tongue Swollen tongue Intro Types Causes Treatment Symptom Checker Misdiagnosis Deaths Drugs Glossary Swollen tongue: Swollen tongue: Introduction Causes (251 conditions)Symptom Checker Types Misdiagnosis Deaths Treatments Drug causes (42 drugs)Choose Doctor Comorbid Symptoms Classifications News (1 listings)Stories from Users Swollen tongue: Introduction A swollen tongue is an abnormal condition in which the entire tongue or a portion of it is enlarged, bloated or distended. A swollen tongue is a symptom of a variety of disorders, diseases or conditions. A swollen tongue can result from infection, inflammation, allergy, genetic disorders, trauma, malignancy, metabolic diseases and other abnormal processes. A swollen tongue can result from an allergic reaction or the more serious anaphylactic reaction. A swollen tongue combined with certain symptoms, such as hives, itching, shortness of breath and rapid breathing, called tachypnea, (more that about 16 breaths per minute for an adult) can be a symptom of a serious, potentially life-threatening anaphylactic reaction. This often occurs in a sudden, severe attack that can include respiratory distress. Another sudden cause of a swollen tongue is trauma, that results in a laceration and/or contusion. A swollen tongue can also be chronic and ongoing over a long period of time, such as when it is due to acromegaly, sarcoma, oral cancer, or Down syndrome, also known as mongolism. For more details about causes, see causes of a swollen tongue. A swollen tongue often occurs in conjunction with other symptoms, which vary depending on the underlying disease, disorder or condition. Other common symptoms include tongue pain, tongue lesion, and difficulty chewing and/or swallowing. Complications of a seriously swollen tongue can include airway obstruction, low oxygen levels and high carbon dioxide levels in the body and respiratory distress. The underlying disorder, disease or condition can also cause complications. Diagnosis of a swollen tongue combined with an allergic reaction and respiratory distress is generally made very rapidly by paramedics or in an emergency room setting. Diagnosis is based on symptoms and a possible history of allergy, and treatment begins emergently. Diagnosing a swollen tongue that is due to a condition that is not a life-threatening emergency begins with taking a thorough personal and family medical history, including symptoms, and completing a physical examination, including visual examination of the tongue. A noninvasive test called a pulse oximetry is generally performed. This involves clipping a painless device to the fingertip, which measures the amount of oxygen in the blood. Making a diagnosis also includes performing a variety of other tests to help to diagnose potential underlying diseases, conditions or disorders. Depending on the suspected cause, tests can include blood tests, culture and sensitivity tests of any infected lesions on the tongue and/or biopsy of tongue tumors or lesions to determine if cancer is the cause. A diagnosis of a swollen tongue and its cause may be delayed or missed because a swollen tongue may progress gradually or be mild or include only a portion of the tongue. For information on misdiagnosis, refer to misdiagnosis of a swollen tongue. Treatment of a swollen tongue involves diagnosing and treating the underlying disease, disorder or condition that is causing it. Treatment of anaphylactic reaction includes immediate administration of the medication epinephrine, supplemental oxygen administration, and possibly the insertion of a breathing tube into the throat to keep the airway open. Some other conditions can be easily and successfully treated and cured, while others may require more intensive treatment. For more information on treatment, refer to treatment of a swollen tongue.... more »Swollen tongue: Misdiagnosis Diagnosing a swollen tongue and its cause may be delayed or missed because in some cases, a swollen tongue may progress gradually, such as in oral cancer, or it may not be severe enough or painful enoug
Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 mob of the dead guide and walkthrough The zombies are back but this time, instead of going around and around in a non-stop circle, it’s a race to try and escape them. The new Mob of the Dead mode, from the Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Uprising DLC, lets up to four players make a break from their cells on Alcatraz Island and try and gain their freedom by finding parts to build a plane.
1998 UEFA Super Cup The 1998 UEFA Super Cup was a football match that was played on 28 August 1998 at Stade Louis II, Monaco, contested between Champions League winners Real Madrid and Cup Winners' Cup holders Chelsea. Neither team had previously won the trophy. Chelsea won the match 1–0 with a late goal from Gus Poyet.
Simulcast Simulcast Simulcast refers to the process of transmitting the same signal from different tower locations over the same frequency at the same time. For public safety communications, this typically means multiple towers: configured to transmit the exact same communications, on the exact same frequencies, at precisely the same time. This can result in better coverage of a wide-area or a dense area with higher populous and/or buildings. Such simulcast systems must use some form of very precise timing: to synchronize, their, multiple transmitting towers, or interference can result, from mis-timed (asynchronous) signals, destructively mixing, in a receiver i.e. scanner or even a subscriber's radio on that system. Simulcast is not analogous to multiple-site wide-area-networked trunking systems, that use different frequencies, at each site; however, simulcast "cells" (several sites operating as one in a simulcast configuration) can be implemented in such systems. Example: Washington County (example only) Has 4 Sites: north, east, west, south; each is listed as a "Simulcast Site" in the RRDB. These Sites cover their intended area with frequencies that differ amoungst each site, but share all "Common" Talkgroups. Generally each site carries its own traffic on the individual Sites, without a Dispatcher's "Console" interference, in extreme circumstances at the Dispatcher's Console a key press can enable all 4 Sites to "All talk", cross-linking them together; now some may argue that this is the only time the Washington County is truly "Simulcast", but henceforth it's just "A System" with 4 independent Sites, aka a Multi-Site System. These 4 Sites allow 4x the amount of traffic to be on the Washington County Public Safety System at any given time at the peril of Public Safety people not hearing what could be happening a few miles away on one of the other Sites. North852.2625851.6500East852.9000856.2125West852.6825851.7125South851.3500853.7000In reality: North actually has 4 Tower locations (1 Simulcast Site)East actually has 6 Tower locations (1 Simulcast Site)West has 3 Tower Locations (1 Simulcast Site)South has 5 Tower Locations (1 Simulcast Site)Categories: RR Glossary | Amateur Radio Glossary | Database Glossary | Military Glossary | Professional Radios Glossary | Receivers Glossary | Scanners Glossary | Signal Analysis and Decoding Glossary | Trunktracking Glossary 
Pearl Jam Pearl Jam Pearl Jam is an American rock band formed in 1990 in Seattle, Washington. Since its inception, the band's line-up has included Eddie Vedder (lead vocals), Mike McCready (lead guitar), Stone Gossard (rhythm guitar), and Jeff Ament (bass). Since 1998, the band has also included drummer Matt Cameron (also of Soundgarden). Boom Gaspar (piano) has also been a session/touring member with the band since 2002. Drummers Dave Krusen, Matt Chamberlain, Dave Abbruzzese, and Jack Irons are former members of the band. Formed after the demise of Gossard and Ament's previous band, Mother Love Bone, Pearl Jam broke into the
Does meritocracy breed intellectual elitism? If so, how?
Does Java LongAdder's increment() & sum() prevent getting the same value twice?
If the biggest countries population wise had the biggest areas - European Union edition
Typhoon Halong (2014) Typhoon Halong, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Jose, was a very powerful tropical cyclone in the Western Pacific basin in August 2014. It was the twelfth named storm and the fifth typhoon of the 2014 Pacific typhoon season. The storm reached its maximum intensity as a Category 5 super typhoon, making it the fifth strongest storm of the season, surpassed by Genevieve, Vongfong, Nuri and Hagupit.
Normally, your body will produce an IgE-mediated immune response to an allergen. This produces the symptoms that you normally associate with allergies: runny nose, itchy skin, asthma, and even anaphylaxis. With allergy shots, there is an attempt to phase shift the response to more of an IgG-mediated immune response. A predominately IgG mediated response will be more innocuous in that it will produce less of the "acute" and exaggerated symptoms (namely, runny nose, etc) and it becomes more of a blood level reaction (where IgG is most plentiful) and hopefully less severe. There is considerable debate as to how effective this process actually is though...
It turns green because mirrors are not completely clear, they have a small green tint that gets added if you do the infinite mirror thing
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
Motivational interviewing Motivational Interviewing is a method that works on facilitating and engaging intrinsic motivation within the client in order to change behavior. MI is a goal-oriented, client-centered counseling style for eliciting behavior change by helping clients to explore and resolve ambivalence.
Can you gain a high level of standing with all four major Factions? Or do they always balance aganist one another?

I mean I know I can turn down the faction related agent missions... but when the important missions come up can you always just go up with one faction without harming another? 

Does that even make sense?

I just wanna be able to go to Jita and mission in caldari space and stuff... I think my caldari faction is at like -2.5 adjusted with my skills.
Alan Bullock argued that Hitler and Stalin almost swapped positions on the mind war. - Hitler started off taking a hands off approach, letting the generals do their thing. but from 1941 he started interfering more and more, to the point of appointing party favourites as generals (IIRC the term used was golden pheasants). - Stalin starts off trying to run everything as a one man show, many key generals are old favourites of his from the Civil War. 1941 it all goes terribly wrong and he starts to listen more and more to professions like Zhukov. It's a bit more complex than that, but a neat comparison.
Assyrian language: what is it? Assyrian language: what is it? Assyrian is a dialect of Akkadian, an extinct Semitic language that was spoken in ancient Mesopotamia. Index cards that are part of the research in the compilation of university's Assyrian Dictionary at the school's Oriental Institute in Chicago Photo: AP12:09PM BST 06 Jun 2011It was in use for 2,500 years but has not been spoken for more than 2,000 years. The Assyrian dialect of Akkadian was spoken in the Northern areas of Mesopotamia, modern-day Iraq. The Babylonian dialect was spoken in central and southern Mesopotamia, Mariotic in the central Euphrates, and Tell Beydar in northern Syria. There have been different phases in Assyrian's development. Old Assyrian was spoken between1950–1530 BC, Middle Assyrian between 1530–1000 BC, and Neo-Assyrian between the years 1000–600 BC. Assyrian served as the lingua franca during much of the Old and Middle times, and was extremely popular. During the first millennium BC, Akkadian progressively lost its status. Neo-Assyrian received an upswing in popularity in the 8th century BC when the Assyrian kingdom became a major power,Related Articles Scholars complete dictionary of lost language after epic 90 year academic quest06 Jun 2011The world's languages: factfile06 Jun 2011But after the end of the Mesopotamian kingdoms, which fell due to the Persian conquest of the area, Akkadian disappeared as a popular language, however, the language was still used in its written form. The latest identified Akkadian text comes from the 1st century AD. News World News »In News Who should I vote for in the general election? General Election 2015 latest poll tracker General Election 2015Top news galleries Woody Allen's 30 best one-liners Comedy Martin Chilton selects 30 great one-liners from the comedian and film star Woody Allen The best British political insults Culture A hilarious history of political insults and putdowns, from Churchill to Corbyn Culture stars who died in 2016Culture News We celebrate and remember the culture stars who have passed away in 2016US Presidents: 30 great one-liners Books Great quotes from White House incumbents: will Donald Trump be joining them?100 funny jokes by 100 comedians Comedy One hundred whip-smart wisecracks History's greatest conspiracy theories From global warming to 9/11, Shakespeare to Elvis, Diana to JFK, peak oil to Roswell, conspiracy theories abound. Grand stand views of London In pics: Stunning aerial shots of London's football stadia by photographer Jason Hawkes Russia's abandoned space shuttles In pics: The crumbling remains of the Soviet Union's space programme Home-made in China Ambitious Chinese inventors take on crazy do-it-yourself projects Sinkholes around the world In pics: Sinkholes, craters and collapsed roads around the world Comments Latest video»Large rat climbs on sleeping commuter Teen pepper-sprayed at Trump rally Disabled great-grandfather denied stairlift and forced to crawl Elderly wombat rescued after being attacked Egypt Air crew finally arrive in Cairo Sponsored When media meets medicine Sign up to our Frontpage news email Featured Current Accounts Bank Account Name Offer More details First Direct 1st Current Account Exclusive £125 offer if you switch through Money Super Market Apply TSB Classic Plus 3% AER on balances up to £1,500Apply Natwest Reward Account 3% rewards on selected household bills Apply World News The latest world news View US News Latest and breaking stories from the United States View Film All the latest film trailers, reviews and features View Football Catch up on all the latest football news and results View 
- Ernest Rutherford, in 1919, was the first to split an atom, though it was nitrogen, and thus there was no power generation or explosion. In 1932 Sir John Cockcroft and Ernest Walton were the first to cause a nuclear reaction by the fission of an atom.eo Szilard invented the nuclear reactor and nuclear bomb in London in 1933, shortly after the neutron was discovered as an improved source of neutrons for experiments. He was also very aware of their potential destructive effects. He was not able to build either at the time because of lack of a suitable material.
Calicut International Airport Calicut International Airport (IATA: CCJ, ICAO: VOCL) , also known as Karipur Airport, is an international airport serving the Metropolitan area of Kozhikode and rural Malabar in Kerala, India. It is located in Karipur, about 28 km from Kozhikode and 25 km from Malappuram. The airport serves as an operating base for Air India Express. It was the twelfth-busiest airport in India in terms of overall passenger traffic. It is the third-busiest airport in Kerala after Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram. It was given international airport status on 2 February 2006.
Entrapment is when the officer makes you to commit a crime that *you wouldn't ordinarily commit*. If you see a bike and decide to steal it, you're a bike thief. It doesn't matter whether it is a neighbor's bike or it belongs to the police department. Entrapment would be if a cop holds a gun to your head and forces you to rob a convenience store, then arrests you. You could argue that you had no choice but to break the law.
The Warrior (song) of the first two seasons of the Netflix show GLOW. The Warrior (song) "The Warrior" is a song by American rock band Scandal, from the album "Warrior". The song was written by Holly Knight ("Love Is a Battlefield") and Nick Gilder ("Hot Child in the City"). The song went to number one in Canada and number seven in the United States, as well as number one on the Mainstream Rock chart in the US, in addition to winning a BMI Airplay Award in 1984. The music video of the song depicts the apocalypse in a warehouse. The song is used
Zero Hour Records Zero Hour Records was an indie rock record label based in New York City. It was established in 1990 by Ray McKenzie, a former phone clerk for the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. The label's first release was McKenzie's own 12" single "The Ozone Hole." In 1995, Rising Tide Entertainment, a joint venture between Doug Morris and MCA Music Entertainment, announced it would be distributing and marketing Zero Hour Records's albums. In 1997, the label opened the $300,000 mastering studio Ground Zero in SoHo, Manhattan. According to "Billboard", this studio was intended to "cater to the full range of independent labels in New York", not just Zero Hour.
DAK if its possible to convert a Propane stove to run on Hydrogen ? Would I need simply a regulator or would I need specifically sized air holes in the stove as well?

Just trying to brainstorm ways to remove any connection I have to fossil fuels these days, you can thank the gulf for that. I'm debating building a hydrogen generator from solar and want to see if it isn't possible to collect, compress and utilize H2 without blowing myself up.

Anyone tried this or done any research on it?
- Some More Phone Numbers Related To Hot Tools. Milwaukee Tools toll free customer service number : +1-800-729-3878, Fax No: +1-800-638-9582. Ryobi Tools toll free customer service number : +1-800-525-2579, +1-800-860-4050. Avid Pro Tools toll free customer service number : +1-650-731-6100, 818-557 2520, Fax: 650-731-6375.
- When you return to Florida you can be issued a replacement driver license at the driver license office. Non-Immigrant: All must go to a local driver license office and apply for a replacement. The fee is $25 and you must present proof of legal presence.
How does temperature change as height increases in the troposphere? In the troposphere, temperatures decrease with altitude (air pressure), in the effect known as the adiabatic lapse rate (9.8 °C per thousand feet). 4 people found this useful.
The Myth of Vestigial Organs and Bad Design: Why Darwinism Is False Faith & Science The Myth of Vestigial Organs and Bad Design: Why Darwinism Is False Jonathan Wells May 4, 2009, 10:30 AMNote: This is Part 5 in a series reviewing Jerry Coyne’s Why Evolution Is True. Read Part 1 here, Part 2 here, Part 3 here, and Part 4 here. Darwin argued in The Origin of Species that the widespread occurrence of vestigial organs — organs that may have once had a function but are now useless — is evidence against creation. “On the view of each organism with all its separate parts having been specially created, how utterly inexplicable is it that organs bearing the plain stamp of inutility… should so frequently occur.” But such organs, he argued, are readily explained by his theory: “On the view of descent with modification, we may conclude that the existence of organs in a rudimentary, imperfect, and useless condition, or quite aborted, far from presenting a strange difficulty, as they assuredly do on the old doctrine of creation, might even have been anticipated in accordance with the views here explained.” 25 In The Descent of Man, Darwin cited the human appendix as an example of a vestigial organ. But Darwin was mistaken: The appendix is now known to be an important source of antibody-producing blood cells and thus an integral part of the human immune system. It may also serve as a compartment for beneficial bacteria that are needed for normal digestion. So the appendix is not useless at all. 26 In 1981, Canadian biologist Steven Scadding argued that although he had no objection to Darwinism, “vestigial organs provide no evidence for evolutionary theory.” The primarily reason is that “it is difficult, if not impossible, to unambiguously identify organs totally lacking in function.” Scadding cited the human appendix as an organ previously thought to be vestigial but now known to have a function. Another Canadian biologist, Bruce Naylor, countered that an organ with some function can still be considered vestigial. Furthermore, Naylor argued, “perfectly designed organisms necessitated the existence of a creator,” but “organisms are often something less than perfectly designed” and thus better explained by evolution. Scadding replied: “The entire argument of Darwin and others regarding vestigial organs hinges on their uselessness and inutility.” Otherwise, the argument from vestigiality is nothing more than an argument from homology, and “Darwin treated these arguments separately recognizing that they were in fact independent.” Scadding also objected that Naylor’s “less than perfectly designed” argument was “based on a theological assumption about the nature of God, i.e. that he would not create useless structures. Whatever the validity of this theological claim, it certainly cannot be defended as a scientific statement, and thus should be given no place in a scientific discussion of evolution.” 27In Why Evolution Is True, Coyne (like Darwin) cites the human appendix as an example of a vestigial organ. Unlike Darwin, however, Coyne concedes that “it may be of some small use. The appendix contains patches of tissue that may function as part of the immune system. It has also been suggested that it provides a refuge for useful gut bacteria. But these minor benefits are surely outweighed by the severe problems that come with the human appendix.” In any case, Coyne argues, “the appendix is still vestigial, for it no longer performs the function for which it evolved.” 28 As Scadding had pointed out nearly thirty years ago, however, Darwin’s argument rested on lack of function, not change of function. Furthermore, if vestigiality were redefined as Coyne proposes, it would include many features never before thought to be vestigial. For example, if the human arm evolved from the leg of a four-footed mammal (as Darwinists claim), then the human arm is vestigial. And if (as Coyne argues) the wings of flying birds evolved from feathered forelimbs of dinosaurs that used them for other purposes, then the wings of flying birds are vestigial. This is t
- Sign languages are the primary means of communication for millions of Deaf people in the world 1 . In the US, there are about 350,000–500,000 people for whom American Sign Language (ASL) is the primary language [60].
Sophia (robot) Sophia (robot) Sophia is a social humanoid robot developed by Hong Kong based company Hanson Robotics. Sophia was activated on February 14, 2016 and made her first public appearance at South by Southwest Festival (SXSW) in mid-March 2016 in Austin, Texas, United States. It is able to display more than 50 facial expressions. Sophia has been covered by media around the globe and has participated in many high-profile interviews. In October 2017, Sophia became the first robot to receive citizenship of any country. In November 2017, Sophia was named the United Nations Development Programme's first ever Innovation Champion, and is
Flesh and the Devil Flesh and the Devil (1926) is a romantic drama silent film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and stars Greta Garbo, John Gilbert, Lars Hanson, and Barbara Kent, directed by Clarence Brown, and based on the novel "The Undying Past" by Hermann Sudermann.
England at the FIFA World Cup FIFA World Cup, the 1958 FIFA World Cup and the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Their best ever performance is winning the Cup in the 1966 tournament held in England, whilst they also finished in fourth place in 1990, in Italy, and in 2018 in Russia. Other than that, the team have reached the quarter-finals on nine occasions, the latest of which were at the 2002 (South Korea/Japan) and the 2006 (Germany). England are the only team not representing a sovereign state to win the World Cup, which they did in 1966 when they hosted the finals. They defeated West Germany
- 1 South of Tasmania and Australia's southern coastline is the Southern Ocean. 2  North of Australia are the Timor and Arafura seas. 3  To the southeast, between Australia and New Zealand, is the Tasman Sea.4  To the northeast is the Coral Sea.ustralia has the Indian Ocean to the west and south and the Pacific Ocean to the east and north. Way south of Australia at latitude 60 degrees, is the Southern Ocean.
One for My Baby (and One More for the Road) in 1993, for his "Duets" album. Countless renditions of "One for My Baby (and One More for the Road)" have been performed. The following is a list of notable/well-known versions which have been recorded thus far: One for My Baby (and One More for the Road) "One for My Baby (and One More for the Road)" is a hit song written by Harold Arlen and Johnny Mercer for the movie musical "The Sky's the Limit" (1943) and first performed in the film by Fred Astaire. It was popularized by Frank Sinatra. Harold Arlen described the song as "another typical Arlen
2008 Grand National 2008 Grand National The 2008 Grand National (known as the John Smith's Grand National for sponsorship reasons) was the 161st official annual running of the world-famous Grand National steeplechase which took place at Aintree Racecourse near Liverpool, England, on 5 April 2008 and attracted the maximum permitted field of 40 runners, competing for total prize money of £450,640. Joint-favourite Comply or Die and Irish jockey Timmy Murphy won the race (it was Murphy's eleventh attempt at the National), four lengths ahead of King John's Castle in second place and Snowy Morning in third. Cloudy Lane, ridden by Jason Maguire, was
Human migration From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For specific types of migration, see Immigration and Emigration. It has been suggested that International migration be merged into this article. ( Discuss) Proposed since February 2018. Net migration rates for 2016: positive (blue), negative (orange), stable (green), and no data (gray) [ citation needed]Net migration by Nation (2008 -2012)Human migration is the movement by people from one place to another with the intentions of settling, permanently or temporarily in a new location. The movement is often over long distances and from one country to another, but internal migration is also possible; indeed, this is the dominant form globally. People may migrate as individuals, in family units or in large groups. [1] A person who moves from their home to another place because of natural disaster or civil disturbance may be described as a refugee or, especially within the same country, a displaced person. A person seeking refuge from political, religious or other forms of persecution is usually described as an asylum seeker. Nomadic movements are normally not regarded as migrations as there is no intention to settle in the new place and because the movement is generally seasonal. Only a few nomadic people have retained this form of lifestyle in modern times. Also, the temporary movement of people for the purpose of travel, tourism, pilgrimages, or the commute is not regarded as migration, in the absence of an intention to live and settle in the visited places. Contents [ hide ]1 Migration statistics2 Theories for migration for work in the 21st century2.1 Overview2.2 Neoclassical economic theory2.3 Dual labor market theory2.4 New economics of labor migration2.5 Relative deprivation theory2.6 World systems theory2.7 Osmosis: the unifying theory of human migration3 Historical theories3.1 Ravenstein3.2 Lee3.3 Climate cycles3.4 Other models4 See also5 References6 Sources6.1 Books6.2 Journals6.3 Websites6.4 Films7 External links Migration statistics [ edit]The share of migrants in each country of the world in 2015. [2]The number of migrants in the world 1960–2015. [3]Many estimates of statistics in worldwide migration patterns exist. The World Bank has published its Migration and Remittances Factbook annually since 2008. [4] The International Organisation for Migration (IOM) has published a yearly World Migration Report since 1999. The United Nations Statistics Division also keeps a database on worldwide migration. [5] Recent advances in research on migration via the Internet promise better understanding of migration patterns and migration motives. [6] [7]Substantial internal migration can also take place within a country, either seasonal human migration (mainly related to agriculture and to tourism to urban places), or shifts of population into cities ( urbanisation) or out of cities ( suburbanisation ). Studies of worldwide migration patterns, however, tend to limit their scope to international migration. The World Bank's Migration and Remittances Factbook of 2011 lists the following estimates for the year 2010: total number of immigrants: 215.8 million or 3.2% of world population. In 2013, the percentage of international migrants worldwide increased by 33% with 59% of migrants targeting developed regions. [8] Almost half of these migrants are women, which is one of the most significant migrant-pattern changes in the last half century. [8] Women migrate alone or with their family members and community. Even though female migration is largely viewed as associations rather than independent migration, emerging studies argue complex and manifold reasons for this. [9]Often [ quantify] a distinction is made [ by whom?] between voluntary and involuntary migration, or between refugees fleeing political conflict or natural disaster vs. economic or labor migration, but these distinctions are difficult to make and partially subjective, as the motivators for migration are often correlated. The World Bank's report estimates that, as of 2010, 16.3 million or 7.6% of migrant
Sport in Japan sport in the world. Sport in Japan Sports in Japan are a significant part of Japanese culture. Both traditional sports such as sumo and martial arts, and Western imports like baseball and association football, are popular with both participants and spectators. Sumo wrestling is considered Japan's national sport. Baseball was introduced to the country by visiting Americans in the 19th century. The Nippon Professional Baseball league is Japan's largest professional sports competition in terms of television ratings and spectators. Martial arts such as judo, karate and modern kendō are also widely practiced and enjoyed by spectators in the country. Association
Oakland Raiders 1963, however, the Raiders' fortunes improved dramatically with the introduction of head coach (and eventual owner) Al Davis. In 1967, after several years of improvement, the Raiders reached the postseason for the first time. The team would go on to win its first (and only) AFL Championship that year; in doing so, the Raiders advanced to Super Bowl II, where they were soundly defeated by the Green Bay Packers. Since 1963, the team has won 15 division titles (three AFL and 12 NFL), four AFC Championships (1976, 1980, 1983, and 2002), one AFL Championship (1967), and three Super Bowl Championships
Carl Perkins filmed and distributed by Screen Gems. He released "That's Right", co-written with Johnny Cash, backed with the ballad "Forever Yours", as Sun single 274 in August 1957. Neither side made it onto the charts. The 1957 film "Jamboree" included a Perkins performance of "Glad All Over" (not to be confused with the Dave Clark Five song of the same name), which ran 1:55. "Glad All Over", written by Aaron Schroeder, Sid Tepper, and Roy C. Bennett, was released by Sun in January 1958. In 1958, Perkins moved to Columbia Records, for which he recorded "Jive After Five", "Rockin' Record Hop",
Hand, Foot, and Mouth Disease: Symptoms & Signs The symptoms of hand, foot, and mouth disease are typically mild and occur mainly in children during the spring and fall seasons. Symptoms can includefever,malaise,decreased appetite, andsore throat. A rash is characteristic of this viral disease. The rash (red spots on the skin) of hand, foot, and mouth disease is most commonly observed on the palms, soles of the feet, and inside the mouth. The rash sometimes spreads to the lower calves and buttocks. The small red bumps quickly develop into blisters. The sores inside the mouth are typically painful. Causes of hand, foot, and mouth disease Hand, foot, and mouth disease is caused by an infection with one of several members of the Enterovirus family of viruses. The most common cause is Coxsackievirus A16; Enterovirus 71 is also a possible cause. The viruses are spread from person to person by direct contact with the infecting virus. The viruses are most commonly found in the nasal and throat regions but also in the blister fluid or stool of infected individuals. The virus can survive on surfaces such as desktops, faucets, etc., and can be transferred by touching contaminated, unwashed surfaces and then touching your nose, mouth, or eyes before washing your hands. Changing diapers from an infected infant without wearing gloves or proper hand washing can transmit disease. Water contaminated with the virus is another way to spread the infection. REFERENCE: Kasper, D. L., et al., eds. Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine, 19th Ed. United States: Mc Graw-Hill Education, 2015. Medically Reviewed by a Doctor on 5/22/2017symptom checker Health concerns on your mind? Click here to visit our Symptom Checker. Main Article on Hand, Foot, and Mouth Disease Symptoms and Signs Hand-Foot-And-Mouth Syndrome Hand, foot, and mouth syndrome is clinical pattern consisting of a rash on the hands and feet, and in the mouth. Hand, foot, and... Bacterial Infections 101 Pictures Slideshow Take the Tummy Trouble Quiz Hepatitis C Slideshow Pictures Pictures, Images, Illustrations & Quizzes Childhood Diseases: Measles, Mumps, & More Is your child at risk for these childhood diseases? Know what to look for and when to call the doctor for conditions such as... Common Childhood Skin Disorders What are the most common skin rashes in children? Learn about childhood eczema, ring worm, chicken pox and more. Get the facts on... Picture of Hand-Foot-and-Mouth Disease in Mouth 1This common and benign viral disease of childhood is usually caused by the A16 strain of coxsackievirus, although other strains... Picture of Hand-Foot-and-Mouth Disease in Mouth 2It most often occurs in late summer and early fall. The prodrome consists of low-grade fever and malaise. See a... Picture of Hand-Foot-and-Mouth Disease on Foot It most often occurs in late summer and early fall. The prodrome consists of low-grade fever and malaise. See a... Picture of Hand-Foot-and-Mouth Disease on Hand 1This common and benign viral disease of childhood is usually caused by the A16 strain of coxsackievirus, although other strains... Picture of Hand-Foot-and-Mouth Disease on Hand 2Multiple, discrete, small, vesicular lesions on the fingers and palms; similar lesions were also present on the feet. See a... Bacterial Infections 101 Pictures Slideshow Take the Tummy Trouble Quiz Hepatitis C Slideshow Pictures Hand, Foot, and Mouth Disease Symptoms and Signs Blisters Bumps on the Skin Decreased or Loss Appetite Dysphagia (Painful Swallowing)Fatigue Fever Irritability Malaise Mouth Sores Painful Eating Rash Sore Throat Examples of Medications for Hand, Foot, and Mouth Disease Symptoms and Signsacetaminophen (Tylenol, Tylenol Arthritis Pain, Tylenol Ext, Little Fevers Children's Fever/Pain)ibuprofen (Advil, Children's Advil/Motrin, Medipren, Motrin, Nuprin, Pedia Care Fever, and others)Symptoms & Signs A-Z List A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y ZSubscribe to Medicine Net's General Health Newsletter By clicking Submit, I agree to the Medicine Net's Terms & Conditions & Privacy Poli
Miguel Ferrer's Height Miguel Ferrer's Height5ft 11 ¾ (182.2 cm)American actor, best remembered for roles in Robocop, Traffic Hot Shots: Part Deux, The Stand and TV series like NCIS: Los Angeles and Twin Peaks. Photos by PR Photos Twin Peaks NCIS: Los Angeles You May Be Interested Renee Felice Smith 5ft ½ in (154 cm)Barrett Foa 5ft 10 ¼ (178 cm) Daniela Ruah 5ft 8 (173 cm) Eric Christian Olsen 6ft 1 (185 cm)Add a Comment 19 comments Average Guess (13 Votes) 5ft 11.63in (182cm)Hans Meiser said on 6/Jul/17 When I read his name and saw his face, I figured he would be around 5'8, average for Latinos. But he's much taller than I thought. Sam said on 14/Jun/17 Could you add Twin Peaks to his credits? It's certainly one of his most famous roles. In the Twin Peaks: The Return, he didn't seem to have lost much height despite his possibly declining health. He looked 1.5-2 inches taller than David Lynch on screen. Rampage (-_-_-)Clover said on 6/Feb/17 Rob, could we put him back at 6ft? Sandy Cowell said on 1/Feb/17 I just read Rampage's comment on 'Latest Comments'. How terribly sad to hear of Miguel's passing. I had no idea as I haven't been scouring the papers. RIP Miguel - sadly missed xxx Rampage (-_-_-)Clover said on 29/Jan/17 Good lord....2017 is already turning into a meanie! RIPS. J. H said on 20/Jan/17 R. I. P Mr Miguel Ferrer stays 6 feet tall and a good actor always.. Dmeyer said on 14/Jan/17 Looks 3in under il cool j so 5 FT 10,5 today and look 1-2cm over Clooney Peak so Rob IS 5 FT 11,5 Peak and 5 FT 10,5 now might be closer Editor Rob: certainly today, he can struggle to look over 5ft 11, peak I'm still not so sure if he was just 5ft 11.5 though.grizz said on 2/Dec/16 He's nothing over 5'11 in NCIS. Although 6ft is probably for his prime height Sandy Cowell said on 14/Oct/16 Thank you Dr JJ! I would never have guessed Miguel Ferrer and George Clooney are cousins! How interesting to know that! Same sort of height range they may be, but they look nothing like each other, though I will take a more studious look next time I'm watching 'The Stand. 'Sandy Cowell said on 13/Oct/16 Never! 6ft! It just goes to show how big the actors must be in the Stephen King films I've seen, and I might add, enjoyed him in!Hypado said on 3/Jul/14 Miguel Ferrer is 183cm, no doubt Rampage (-_-_-)Clover said on 2/Mar/14 "Miguel Ferrer height: 6ft 0.25in (184cm)"Dr JJ said on 21/Sep/13 Taller than his cousin George Clooney by about two inches in all pictures I've seen, especially at the 'evening to remember Rosemary Clooney' where I guess George was packing lifts. Rampage (-_-_-)Clover said on 17/Dec/12 I think he might be 183-184cm. Looked only a bit shorter than Costner in Revenge. He's one of the more genuine 6ft guys on this site. Rob, didn't you say that almost half the guys listed here at 183cm are most likely to be 5ft11.5 or 5ft11.75?jake, 1.82 m- 1.83 m- 1.84 m said on 12/Feb/12 Martyr says on 2/Nov/11 Thought he was a shade taller, like 6'0 1/2 or 6'1 I agree, 184 cm is certainly possible. Martyr said on 2/Nov/11 Thought he was a shade taller, like 6'0 1/2 or 6'1sidewinder said on 23/May/09 He is just a little shorter than Costner (who is listed as 185 cm.) in revenge so I think 183 is accurate. Franco said on 6/Apr/07 5'11 to 5'11.5 in the past, 5'10 to 5.10.5 todayal said on 9/Mar/07 I THINK HE WAS TALLERR THAN JUST 6FT BECAUSE HE LOOKED A GOOD FEW INCHES TALLER THAN STANLEY BAKER IN THE FILM NIGHTS OF THE ROUND TABLE AND BAKER WAS OVER 6FT TALL. 
UC Irvine campus contacts UC Irvine campus contacts University of California, Irvine Irvine, CA 92697 (949) 824-5011 TDD: (949) 824-6272 Office of Undergraduate Admissions 260 Aldrich Hall (949) 824-6703 Alumni Scholarships Newkirk Alumni Center (949) 824-2586 Child Care Services 501 Adobe Circle at California Road (949) 824-2100 Disability Services 100 Disability Services Center (949) 824-7494 TDD: (949) 824-6272 Financial Aid and Scholarships 102 Aldrich Hall (949) 824-8262 Housing G458 Student Center (949) 824-6811 International Admission Specialist 260 Aldrich Hall (949) 824-6703 Registrar 215 Aldrich Hall (949) 824-6124 Tour Information A138 Student Center (949) 824-6703 Transfer Student Services 260 Aldrich Hall (949) 824-6703 Undergraduate Scholarships 102 Aldrich Hall (949) 824-8262 Veteran Services G304 Student Center (949) 824-3500Additional resources The Hill (UCI bookstore) 210-B Student Center (949) 824-4455Student Success Initiatives 2200 + 2300 Student Services II (949) 824-1142Transfer Student Hub2200 Student Services II (949) 824-1142Transfer Admission Guarantee Office of Admissions and Relations with Schools 260 Aldrich Hall (949) 824-6703 The Campuswide Honors Program Division of Undergraduate Education 1200 Student Services II (949) 824-5461International Center G302 Student Center (949) 824-7249 
1. The time scale is too short. 2. The main effect would be interference between two nearly-identical copies of the carrier wave, which you don’t actually hear. That’s the broadcast frequency, the number that’s around 100 MHz. This is called “multipath interference” and it’s definitely a problem for radio communication. But the effect between two copies of a wave a few nanoseconds to microseconds apart is a weakening or garbling of the signal, not something you can hear.
Does anyone know of any medication that cause an itchy scalp? Health Diseases & Conditions Skin Conditions Does anyone know of any medication that cause an itchy scalp? I have been checked for head lice which I don't have. But have been on Zopiclone sleeping pills for quite a few months, and have been on Mebeverine, switched now to Colpermin for IBS. I have changed my shampoos recently and yet still have an extremely itchy scalp and everytime I wash my hair, i lose quite a... show more Follow Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: Gym Bunny, Colpermin capsules contain peppermint oil as their active ingredient. The capsules have a special coating, called an enteric coat, that delays the opening of the capsules until after they have passed through the stomach and start of the small intestine. The capsules should be swallowed whole and not broken or chewed. They should not be taken immediately after food. They should not be taken if you have an allergy to peanuts or soya (Colpermin capsules contain arachis oil). This medication is to be swallowed whole, not chewed. Do not take indigestion remedies at the same time of day as Colpermin. Two known side effects are heartburn and irritation around the anus. On rare occasions if you have an allergy to menthol, this medication may provoke an allergic reaction. This does not exclude other side effects that may present. Itchy scalp is not amongst the known side effects, but can not be ruled out. Zopiclone has a propensity to cause skin rashes in some people, amongst other side effects, but not specifically itchy scalp. Inflamed or red skin, itching and rash are known side effects of mebeverine hydrochloride. These may be signs that you are allergic to mebeverine. As you state that you are noi longer taking this medication, it is possible that your itchy scalp, if caused by mebeverine hydrochloride, will eventually stop. If it continues, you should look at the shampoo that you state that you have changed recently. This might be relevant. I add a link with details of this subject http://www.therealessentials.com/ care1.html Hope this helps matador 89matador 89 · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Purchase hair oil and put on the hair oil all day and den exercise or make yourself warm. Your head will feel lighter when you wash your hair. Also, itchy scalp has a LOT to do with diet. Check to see if your diets good. Drink plenty of water during da day. Gemma · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Eczema may fade in adulthood, but people who have eczema tend to have lifelong problems with skin irritation and related problems.james · 2 years ago0 0 Comment Try NIZORALshampoo, I have to use it now & gain as I have slight eczema on my head, it might be expensive { I get mine from gp, } but it does help,Weed · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Perhaps you would like to learn more about one of these? Graphic Design Degrees Find the best luxury cars Need debt consolidation loans? Scalp Psoriasis: Need Relief? 
Grassland From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about vegetation and landscape. For other uses, see Grassland (disambiguation). "Greensward" redirects here. For park plan, see Central Park. This article may be in need of reorganization to comply with Wikipedia's layout guidelines. Please help by editing the article to make improvements to the overall structure. (March 2016) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Grassland in Magallanes Region, Patagonia, Chile A grassland in the Philippines An Inner Mongolian grassland in the People's Republic of China Grasslands are areas where the vegetation is dominated by grasses ( Poaceae ); however, sedge ( Cyperaceae) and rush ( Juncaceae) families can also be found along with variable proportions of legumes, like clover, and other herbs. Grasslands occur naturally on all continents except Antarctica. Grasslands are found in most ecoregions of the Earth. For example, there are five terrestrial ecoregion classifications (subdivisions) of the temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands biome ( ecosystem ), which is one of eight terrestrial ecozones of the Earth's surface. Contents [ hide ]1 Vegetation2 Evolution3 Climates4 Biodiversity and conservation5 Human impact and economic importance6 Types of grasslands6.1 Schimper (1898)6.2 Ellenberg and Mueller-Dombois (1967)6.3 Laycock (1979)6.4 Other6.4.1 Tropical and subtropical6.4.2 Temperate6.4.3 Flooded6.4.4 Montane6.4.5 Tundra prairies6.4.6 Desert and xeric7 Animals8 See also9 Temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands ecoregions10 Tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and shrublands ecoregions11 References12 Further reading Vegetation [ edit]Grassland vegetation can vary in height from very short, as in chalk grassland, to quite tall, as in the case of North Americantallgrass prairie, South American grasslands and African savanna. The Konza tallgrass prairie in the Flint Hills of northeastern Kansas Woody plants, shrubs or trees may occur on some grasslands – forming savannas, scrubby grassland or semi-wooded grassland, such as the African savannas or the Iberian dehesa. [1]As flowering plants and trees, grasses grow in great concentrations in climates where annual rainfall ranges between 500 and 900 mm (20 and 35 in). [2] The root systems of perennial grasses and forbs form complex mats that hold the soil in place. Evolution [ edit]Graminoids are among the most versatile life forms. They became widespread toward the end of the Cretaceous period, and fossilized dinosaur feces ( coprolites) have been found containing phytoliths of a variety of grasses that include grasses that are related to modern rice and bamboo. [3]The appearance of mountains in the western United States during the Miocene and Pliocene epochs, a period of some 25 million years, created a continental climate favorable to the evolution of grasslands. Existing forest biomes declined, and grasslands became much more widespread. Following the Pleistocene ice ages, grasslands expanded in range in the hotter, drier climates, and began to become the dominant land feature worldwide. [1]Climates [ edit]Grasslands often occur in areas with annual precipitation between 600 mm (24 in) and 1,500 mm (59 in) and average mean annual temperatures ranges from −5 and 20 °C (Woodward et al. 2004). However, some grasslands occur in colder (−20 °C) and hotter (30 °C) climatic conditions. [4] Grassland can exist in habitats that are frequently disturbed by grazing or fire, as such disturbance prevents the encroachment of woody species. Species richness is particularly high in grasslands of low soil fertility such as serpentine barrens and calcareous grasslands, where woody encroachment is prevented as low nutrient levels in the soil may inhibit the growth of forest and shrub species. Biodiversity and conservation [ edit]This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2012) ( Learn how and when to remo
- The best time for a coffee break falls between 9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m., one researcher said. You might want to wait until mid-morning for your first cup of java. One neuroscience expert suggests that the best time to drink coffee is between 9:30 and 11:30 a.m.
colon A colon (: ) is used after an independent clause to add information that helps illustrate or clarify what it says. It is most commonly used to introduce a list, but it can also introduce words, phrases, or entire clauses that complete the meaning of the clause that came before it.
As snarkfish pointed out, the effect is due to quinine from the tonic. So what's so special about quinine that gives this effect? Basically, it is a molecule that absorbs ultraviolet light (from a blacklight), and then releases it again after a very short amount of time with slightly lower energy, meaning that it enters the visible spectrum. So shine UV light on quinine in solution, and it will glow blue. The process is called [fluorescence](_URL_0_).
What are the biggest sources of state funding for schools? Politics & Government Government What are the biggest sources of state funding for schools? What are the biggest sources of state funding for schools? a. excise and severance taxes b. estate taxes and bonds c. sales and personal income taxes d. property tax and state lotteries Follow 3 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: State funding for schools comes from sales taxes and income taxes. Local funding for schools comes from property taxes. I think your best answer is C. sales and income taxes Hubba B · 10 years ago0 0 Comment Some states would be D (those not having income taxes) and others would be C (those states not having property tax). Most funding for schools systems do not come from the state but through the local government (city/county) who gets most of their revenues from property taxes. Most state funding is either local property tax money returned after some redistribution, state income taxes for those that have them or sales taxes (if no income tax), or from lotteries. Answer varies depending on the state but most would be either C or D. Basic thing is most schools systems are supported locally with some but not most funding coming from the state level. Gunny C · 10 years ago0 0 Comment Also cigarette taxes,state lottery (if any in that particular state),liquor tax. Well I know them three for sure because they are the most popular ways I can think of off hand Super Team · 10 years ago0 0 Comment Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Look For Franchises For Sale Try online nursing courses? Consolidate Your Student Loans Looking for a new crossover? 
Did anyone attend The Soft Moon Concert last night at Warehouse Live?
- What Is an XPS Document Writer? http://www.ehow.com/facts_5752622_xps-document-writer_.html. The XPS Document Writer is a Microsoft program that produces files that work well for publishing--better, the company says, than what is offered by Adobe's PDF files. Microsoft is including the program with its software on new computers so that XPS will become universal.. Reply like 17 dislike 0 flag.
You'd need to power the backbones of the internet, which would be basically impossible with 1% of the population. To keep it as simple as possible, there's many connection points and companies that keep the connections running and allow end users (us) to access information. With almost all the population gone, you'd have to man the network centers and keep them running or else basically no device will have an internet connection.
Who has the highest recorded IQ of all time? The highest possible IQ today. The highest possible IQ today is about 160. However, this is a test limitation and is not necessarily representative of the true intellectual prowess of people with this score. The IQ score. An IQ score is actually a standardised ordinal score.
- Hawaii's utility-scale electricity generation from solar energy more than doubled in 2014. Hawaii generated 29% of its renewable electricity from both utility-scale resources and small-scale solar photovoltaic panels installed on rooftops across the islands. Hawaii is the first state to set a goal of producing 100% of its electricity from renewable energy sources. The state plans to reach that goal by 2045.
> rich guy's wife wants half of his Half of **their**. When you are married, everything earned while married is considered mutual property. There is no **his** money or **her** money, it is their money.  > Why would she be "entitled" to anything he earned **They** earned. While it may not be true for any particular case, the idea is that one spouse will often forgo their career in support of the other. They keep house and raise children which allows the other spouse to focus on their job and excel. They made sacrifices that impacted their ability to earn a living so the other could succeed, and thus are entitled to compensation.
What makes a girl perceived as "hot"?
How to enable an "Always on Display" mode in Nokia 9 for JUST notifications? In Nokia 9 with Android 10, I set Settings=&gt;Display=&gt;Advance=&gt;Screen timeout to 30 seconds, but I still like be aware when I have notifications waiting to be reviewed.
In Settings=&gt;Display=&gt;Advanced there are Glance view options:

The default Glance display duration is 30 seconds. But I like to see all of the notifications which I missed when I wasn't around my phone, so I've changed it to Always on...which got the screen to be constantly on!

True, it's not &quot;fully&quot; on. It's a black screen with a clock and battery percentage. But is there any way to keep the screen completely off and only keep the glance screen on if I actually have notifications waiting to be reviewed?
In other words, see how Wikipedia describes what I want:

Typically, an Ambient display solution which turns on the screen only when notifications are present, remains on, but turns off when they are dismissed.
- Always on Display, Wikipedia

Here is what I get when the screen is supposed to be turned off:
People who are working at or near that wage will stop trying as hard, since their rewards for their work (wages) is going to be capped. Why put 110% into your job if you're only going to be paid for the first 100%?
Bolivar Coastal Fields Bolivar Coastal Fields The Bolivar Coastal Fields (BCF), also known as the Bolivar Coastal Complex, is located on the eastern margin of Lake Maracaibo, Venezuela. Bolivar Coastal Field is the largest oil field in South America with its 6,000-7,000 wells and forest of related derricks, stretches thirty-five miles along the north-east coast of Lake Maracaibo. They form the largest oil field outside of the Middle East and contain mostly heavy oil with a gravity less than 22 degrees API. Also known as the Eastern Coast Fields, Bolivar Coastal Oil Field consists of Tía Juana, Lagunillas, Bachaquero, Ceuta, Motatán, Barua and
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
This Amazon customer review text does not contain any counterfactual statements.
Not sure if this technically counts in answer to your question, but carbon monoxide will bind to hemoglobin, blocking oxygen uptake in your lungs. This is one of the reasons smokers have less energy than non-smokers.
Gregory Peck "Moby Dick" (1956, and its 1998 miniseries), "The Big Country" (1958), "The Bravados" (1958), "Pork Chop Hill" (1959), "The Guns of Navarone" (1961), "Cape Fear" (1962, and its 1991 remake), "How the West Was Won" (1962), "The Omen" (1976) and "The Boys from Brazil" (1978). U.S. President Lyndon Johnson honored Peck with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1969 for his lifetime humanitarian efforts. In 1999, the American Film Institute named Peck among Greatest Male Stars of Classic Hollywood cinema, ranking him at No. 12. Eldred Gregory Peck was born on April 5, 1916, in San Diego, California, the son
Chances are they'd shoot another (small and conventional) bomb at it to blast it into tiny, no-longer explodable pieces, then pick those up and dispose of them.
Mary Poppins (film) role of Bert after seeing his work on "The Dick Van Dyke Show". After winning the role of Bert, Van Dyke lobbied to also play the senior Mr. Dawes, but Disney originally felt he was too young for the part. Van Dyke eventually won Disney over after a screen test. Although he is fondly remembered for this film, Van Dyke's attempt at a Cockney accent is regarded as one of the worst film accents in history, cited as an example by actors since as something that they wish to avoid. In a 2003 poll by "Empire" magazine of the worst
Almost all Iphone apps are made in Xcode. It's basically free with a mac and is their version of Visual Studio (Microsoft makes this one, it's a program to make other program.) The stages are basically. 1.) Idea 2.) Design 3.) Programming 4.) Certification 5.) On the Iphone store. 1.) Come up with the idea. 2.) Design the interface and what it's going to look like. 3.) Program the application using Objective-C (This is often called Apple C as it's was developed at NEXT which was the company Steven Jobs formed when he left Apple.) 4.) Send you program to Apple to make sure they'll let you put it on the app store. 5.) Your now on the store. It cost 100 dollar to get a developers certificate to get application on the iPhone. But you only needs that if you want to test on a device or put it into a store. You can do everything up to that for free.
When a cellphone connections to any cell network various things need to happen so that the cellphone works. The spammers have hooked into that process, legally or illegally. That's how they know you're there and how they can send an SMS to your phone even though you've never called anyone in that country.
Home Inspection Cost Medium: Generally $100-$200 for a Basic Inspection High: $200-$900 for a Thorough Inspection E-mail Post Tweet A professional home inspector evaluates the current condition of a house. It is NOT an appraisal, which estimates the market value of a property. A home inspection report can be used by home sellers to indentify and make repairs before putting it on the market, or by potential home buyers to learn as much as possible about a particular house before buying it. The US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) provides an overview of why you need [ 1] a home inspection. Typical costs: With the recent housing market slump, some inspectors may offer a home inspection for a flat rate of $100-$200. These inspections usually take no more than 1-2 hours, involve a minimal amount of equipment (such as a $3-$10 outlet tester rather than a $300 circuit analyzer) and include a handwritten report -- and might miss important problems, according to an Idaho home inspector [ 2] . The price for a more thorough home inspection (including a typewritten report and photos) varies considerably depending on the region and the home's square footage, sales price, age and number of rooms, but ranges from $200-$900. A typical home inspection averages $260-$280 in the Midwest and Southwest and $320-$360 elsewhere nationwide. The average home inspection will take 2-4 hours, but an extremely detailed evaluation can take 5-8 hours or more -- and will usually be billed at the higher end of the $200-$900 price range. Related articles: Closing a Home, Mold Inspection, Termite Inspections What should be included: A professional home inspector should visually examine the home's exterior, foundation (including entering the crawlspace), walls, roof, flashing, gutters, attic, basement, insulation, garage, electrical system, visible plumbing, air conditioning and heating, and the general condition of the interior. Generally an inspector is looking for bad conditions or safety-related problems, and does not cover small or cosmetic items that are readily apparent. If possible, you should be present for the inspection, to see what the inspector sees and to ask questions about items that concern you. The National Association of Home Inspectors provides overviews of what to expect from a home inspection and what won't be included, as well as detailed standards of what a home inspector should do. The American Society of Home Inspectors provides a virtual tour [ 3] of the areas to be inspected in a home. Experts recommend hiring an objective professional to do an inspection -- particularly if you're considering buying the home -- but it is possible to do some or all of the inspection yourself. This Old House.com lists what to look for [ 4] before the home inspector arrives, and an Ohio engineering firm provides a do-it-yourself checklist [ 5] for a basic walk-through evaluation -- although the checklist is not intended to replace a professional inspection. Additional costs: Home inspections do not cover absolutely everything. Bank Rate.com [ 6] suggests that in some circumstances a potential buyer may also want to schedule: a swimming pool inspection at $75-$125; an arborist's inspection of mature trees for $150-$350; an examination of septic systems built before 1980 for $350-$450 or a termite and pest report for $75-$120. Shopping for a home inspection: While many people hire a home inspector recommended by their real estate agent, some experts suggest finding an inspector on your own, to avoid any possible conflict of interest. Ask about: the inspector's training, experience and certification (only about 14 states require inspectors to be licensed); what will be included in the inspection; and how long it will take. HUD lists 10 questions [ 7] to ask a potential home inspector. Lists of home inspectors are available from HUD and the National Association of Home Inspectors. E-mail Post Tweet Cost Helper News10 Most Popular Cosmetic Procedures Before the Holidays With reunions and other get-togethers scheduled during the holiday 
Ergophobia Ergophobia Ergophobia, ergasiophobia or ponophobia is an abnormal and persistent fear of work (manual labor, non-manual labour, etc.) or fear of finding employment. It may be a form of social phobia or performance anxiety. People with ergophobia experience undue anxiety about the workplace environment even though they realize their fear is irrational. Their fear may actually be a combination of fears, such as fear of failing at assigned tasks, speaking before groups at work (both of which are types of performance anxiety), socializing with co-workers (a type of social phobia), and other fears of emotional, psychological and/or physiological injuries. The
Introduction to Programmable Controllers A Programmable Logic Controller, or PLC for short, is simply a special computer device used for industrial control systems. They are used in many industries such as oil refineries, manufacturing lines, conveyor systems and so on.n these modern times a PC with specially dedicated software from the PLC manufacturer is used to program a PLC. The most widely used form of programming is called ladder logic. Ladder logic uses symbols, instead of words, to emulate the real world relay logic control, which is a relic from the PLC's history.
Anatomical terms of muscle Antagonist and agonist muscles often occur in pairs, called antagonistic pairs. As one muscle contracts, the other relaxes. An example of an antagonisic pair is the biceps and triceps; to contract-the triceps relaxes while the biceps contracts to lift the arm.ntagonist and agonist muscles often occur in pairs, called antagonistic pairs. As one muscle contracts, the other relaxes. An example of an antagonisic pair is the biceps and triceps; to contract-the triceps relaxes while the biceps contracts to lift the arm.
Outpatient Surgery Settings Outpatient surgery, as described above, may take place at any of the settings listed below. Questions or complaints about an individual facility should be directed to the appropriate regulating agency. An outpatient setting that is accredited by an accreditation agency approved by the Medical Board of California.
How likely is it for a Macbook Pro to come with touch ID this year?
Definitions &Translations Webster Dictionary (0.00 / 0 votes) Rate this definition: Masseter (noun) the large muscle which raises the under jaw, and assists in mastication. Origin: [NL., fr. Gr. a chewer, a muscle of the lower jaw used in chewing, from to chew: cf. F. masster.]
Traveling to Washington DC Traveling to Washington DC. If you fly to Washington, D.C. on Southwest or AirTran, you’ll probably land at Baltimore-Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI) .
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
QUALITY Dictionary entry overview: What does quality mean? • QUALITY (noun) The noun QUALITY has 5 senses: 1. an essential and distinguishing attribute of something or someone 2. a degree or grade of excellence or worth 3. a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something 4.
Writing complex AngularJS directive in typescript
It has to do with the space allocated for the display on the screen for these items. For example if the size of the screen was limited to 20 characters it would be designed like this:   Lives: 3 Items: __1 Time: 300 Pick up 998 items and you have:   Lives: 3 Items: 999 Time: 231 Pick up another item and you have:   Lives: 3 Items: 1000 Time: 23 The time is now 23 instead of the expected 230. To overcome this wrapping the number of items was limited to 999.
- Keep Your Hands To Yourself by The Georgia Satellites Songfacts. 1  Lead singer Dan Baird wrote this about the problems their drummer was having with his girlfriend. 2  The video portrayed a shotgun wedding, complete with very pregnant bride and actual shotgun.
Higher grades of gasoline are refined more carefully to give them a higher octane rating, which means they burn more consistently and are less likely to "knock" (ignite prematurely) under the higher compression in high-performance engines. Unless your car's owner's manual specifically says you need to fill the tank with a higher grade of gasoline, it's a waste of money. Check the owner's manual.
Is obtaining a professorship contingent upon the ability to secure federal grants? I am a DACA student in the US in my last year of my PhD program, and that means that I will be applying for postdoc and professor positions. However, DACA status means that I am ineligible to apply for federal research grants and I am limited to only applying for private grants that have no restrictions on legal status.

There's also a lot of uncertainty surrounding the fate of DACA as the Trump administration has previously stressed that they would work to rescind the program (which may result in deportation of people like me). 

My advisers said that applying for lecturer positions should not pose a problem, but I'm concerned about my chances to apply for professor positions when I am not able to secure any federal grants issued by the government, in addition to the fact that my stay in the US is not 100% guaranteed in the long run. I love teaching but would also like to continue doing research as well, in a university setting...

Any insights on the matter, especially by those that have worked in hiring committees, would be much appreciated!
Get the weather information.
The expansion of mandolin use continued after World War II through the late 1960s, and Japan still maintains a strong classical music tradition using mandolins, with active orchestras and university music programs. New orchestras were founded and new orchestral compositions composed. Japanese mandolin orchestras today may consist of up to 40 or 50 members, and can include woodwind, percussion, and brass sections. Japan also maintains an extensive collection of 20th Century mandolin music from Europe and one of the most complete collections of mandolin magazines from mandolin's golden age, purchased by Morishige Takei.
Can you point me to "all" these ideas of building a space elevator from the ground up? To answer your question: YES, a space elevator can be built from the top down. I am not even sure it **can** be done from the ground up. The "rope" needs to reach over 36,000 kilometers *up*, so the only reasonable way to do this is by lowering the cable from a space station which is already there. If you were somehow lifting the cable, you'd not have anything holding it up. Now, there are ideas of space towers which are full fledged buildings reaching in space, and those need to be built from ground up but they are also unlikely to extend too high up.
Boost Nutrition Information An 8 oz bottle of regular Boost contains 240 calories, 4 g of fat, 5 mg of cholesterol and 10 g of protein. There are 41 g of total carbohydrate and 0 g of fiber. Regular Boost is low in sodium; 130 mg but moderately high in potassium; 400 mg. Based on a 2,000 calorie diet, each 8 oz bottle contains 30 percent calcium, 25 percent iron and 30 percent phosphorus.
Why was my card payment declined?
background radiation background radiationnoun See cosmic background radiation Dictionary.com's 21st Century Lexicon Copyright © 2003-2014 Dictionary.com, LLC Cite This Sourcebackground radiation in Medicine Expandbackground radiation back·ground radiation (bāk'ground') n. Relatively constant low-level radiation from environmental sources such as building materials, cosmic rays, and ingested radionucleides in the body. The American Heritage® Stedman's Medical Dictionary Copyright © 2002, 2001, 1995 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. Cite This Sourcebackground radiation in Culture Expandbackground radiation definition Low-level radiation at the surface of the Earth that comes from cosmic rays and from small amounts of radioactive materials in rocks and the atmosphere. The New Dictionary of Cultural Literacy, Third Edition Copyright © 2005 by Houghton Mifflin Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved. Cite This Source Discover our greatest slideshows Six words that can ruin your...10 Of The Saddest Words (Or... The Oldest Words In The English...10 Words That Will Show Your Age Browse more topics on our blog What Is the Difference Between Discreet and Discrete? Learn the correct uses of these two commonly confused homophones. What Character Was Removed from the Alphabet? What mistaken pronunciation gave this character its name? Apostrophes 101This small mark has two primary uses: to signify possession or omitted letters. How Do I Get a Word into the Dictionary? People invent new words all the time, but which ones actually make it? 
Emporia, Virginia Emporia, Virginia. Emporia is an independent city located within the confines of Greensville County, Virginia, United States. It and a predecessor town have been the county seat of Greensville County since 1791. As of the 2010 census, the population was 5,927, making it the second-least populous city in Virginia. The Bureau of Economic Analysis combines the city of Emporia with surrounding Greensville county for statistical purposes.
Asian giant hornet From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Asian giant hornet Adults engaging in trophallaxis Conservation status Least Concern ( IUCN 3.1)Scientific classification Kingdom: Animalia Clade: Euarthropoda Class: Insecta Order: Hymenoptera Family: Vespidae Genus: Vespa Species: V. mandarinia Binomial name Vespa mandarinia Smith, 1852 [1]The Asian giant hornet ( Vespa mandarinia ), including the subspecies Japanese giant hornet ( V. m. japonica ), [2] colloquially known as the yak-killer hornet, [3] is the world's largest hornet, native to temperate and tropical Eastern Asia. They prefer to live in low mountains and forests, while almost completely avoiding plains and high-altitude climates. V. mandarinia creates nests by digging, co-opting pre-existing tunnels dug by rodents, or occupying spaces near rotted pine roots. [4] It feeds primarily on larger insects, colonies of other eusocial insects, tree sap, and honey from honey bee colonies. [5] Some dimensions of this hornet are a body length of 45 mm (1.8 in), a wingspan around 75 mm (3.0 in), and stinger length of 6 mm (0.24 in) which injects a large amount of potent venom. [6]The asian giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia) should not to be confused with the yellow-legged hornet, also known as the Asian hornet, ( Vespa velutina ), an invasive species of major concern across Europe, including the UK. Contents [ hide ]1 Taxonomy and phylogeny2 Description2.1 Queens and workers2.2 Drones3 Geographic distribution4 Nesting5 Colony cycle5.1 Prenesting period5.2 Solitary, cooperative, and polyethic periods5.3 Dissolution and hibernating period6 Sting6.1 Effects of venom on humans7 Parasites8 Communication and perception9 Scent marking10 Interspecies dominance11 Predation11.1 Native honeybees12 Control of hornets in apiculture12.1 Beating12.2 Nest removal12.3 Bait traps12.4 Mass poisoning12.5 Trapping at hive entrances12.6 Protective screens13 Use as a nutritional supplement14 References15 External links Taxonomy and phylogeny [ edit]V. mandarinia is a species in the genus Vespa, which comprises all true hornets. Along with seven other species, V. mandarinia is a part of the V. tropica species group, defined by the single notch located on the apical margin of the seventh gastral sternum of the male. The most closely related species within the species group is V. soror. The triangular shape of the apical margin of the clypeus of the female is diagnostic, the vertex of both species is enlarged, and the shape of the apex of the aedeagus is distinct and similar. [7] Division of the genus into subgenera has been attempted in the past, [8]) but has been abandoned, due to the anatomical similarity amongst species and because behavioural similarity is not associated with phylogeny. [4]Description [ edit]The Asian giant hornet Regardless of sex, the hornet’s head is a light shade of orange and its antennae are brown with a yellow-orange base. Its eyes and ocelli are dark brown to black. V. mandarinia is distinguished from other hornets by its pronounced clypeus and large genae. Its orange mandible contains a black tooth that it uses for digging. [9] The thorax is dark brown, with two grey wings varying in span from 3.5 to 7.5 cm. Its forelegs are brighter than the mid and hind legs. The base of the forelegs is darker than the rest. The abdomen alternates between bands of dark brown or black and a yellow-orange hue (consistent with its head color). The sixth segment is yellow. Its stinger is up to 10 mm long and contains a potent venom that, in cases of multiple wasps stinging simultaneously, can kill a human. [9]Queens and workers [ edit]The queens are considerably larger than workers. Queens can exceed 50 mm (2.0 in), while workers are between 35 and 40 mm (1.4 and 1.6 in). The reproductive anatomy is consistent between the two, but workers do not reproduce. [9]Drones [ edit]Drones (males) are similar to females, but lack a stinger. This is a consistent feature among Hymenoptera. [9]Geographic distribution [ edit]The Asian giant hornet It can be found in the Primo
Graeme Duffin Graeme Duffin (born 28 February 1956) has played guitar for the Scottish pop band Wet Wet Wet since 1983. However he has never officially been a band member, nor has he appeared in band photographs or interviews. The band were suspected of keeping him hidden for image purposes but it may have been Duffin's own choice due to his stammer. He is a Christian.
**The stagnant air**   Rooms which are used often are generally cleaned more often, so mould and mildew cannot grow. Rooms you often go in have air circulating round them often, due to open windows and doors (wind), and people moving in and out of them. Mould and mildew can both grow in unused rooms and produce waste gases. As the air is not circulating very well, these gases largely remain in the room, causing that musty smell.   **The quietness**   Lofts are generally well insulated, insulation often absorbs a lot of sound you make, as well as preventing outside sound entering the room. This explains the quietness.   **The darkness**   The insulation is often a dark colour, so it reflects little light. Lofts tend to have more support beams and junk in them, all of which cast shadows.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Fitchville, Ohio From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Fitchville Methodist Church Fitchville is an unincorporated community in Fitchville Township, Huron County, Ohio, United States. It is part of the Norwalk Micropolitan Statistical Area. Fitchville is located at the intersection of U. S. Route 250, State Route 13, and State Route 162. The community has no post office of its own and is assigned the New London zip code of 44851. History [ edit]Fitchville and Fitchville Township are named for former governor of the Connecticut Colony Thomas Fitch. The Fitch family once owned land in this area of the Firelands section of the historic Connecticut Western Reserve. [1]Early on November 23, 1963, a fire killed 63 people in the Golden Age Nursing Home, one mile north of Fitchville due to overloaded electrical wiring. National media attention was diverted from the incident by the assassination of President Kennedy, which had taken place 15 hours earlier. The tragedy led to improvements in fire safety building codes. [2]References [ edit]^ "Thomas Fitch". Retrieved 2010-04-07.^ http://www.waymarking.com/waymarks/WM6V5P_Golden_Age_Nursing_Home_Fitchville_OH [ hide]v t e Municipalities and communities of Huron County, Ohio, United States County seat: Norwalk Cities Bellevue ‡ Norwalk Willard Villages Greenwich Milan ‡ Monroeville New London North Fairfield Plymouth ‡ Wakeman Townships Bronson Clarksfield Fairfield Fitchville Greenfield Greenwich Hartland Lyme New Haven New London Norwalk Norwich Peru Richmond Ridgefield Ripley Sherman Townsend Wakeman CDPs Celeryville Collins Holiday Lakes New Haven Unincorporated communities Boughtonville Centerton Clarksfield Delphi East Townsend Fitchville Havana Hunts Corners Olena Steuben Footnotes ‡This populated place also has portions in an adjacent county or counties Coordinates: 41°05′41″N 82°29′19″WThis Huron County, Ohio state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Categories: Unincorporated communities in Huron County, Ohio Unincorporated communities in Ohio Northwest Ohio geography stubs 
Gmail Outlook 2010 Gmail Outlook 2010Add Your Gmail Account to Outlook 2010 Using IMAPFirst log into your Gmail account and open the Settings panel. Click on the Forwarding and POP/IMAP tab and verify IMAP is enabled and save changes. Next open Outlook 2010, click on the next and go to the Add new account window. Enter in your name, email address, and password twice then click Next. Outlook will configure the email server settings, the amount of time it takes will vary. Provided everything goes correctly, the configuration will be successful and you can begin using your account. Now you can check your mails from outlook 2010. Manually Configure IMAP Settings If the above instructions don't work, then we'll need to manually configure the settings. Again, go into Auto Account Setup and select Manually configure server settings or additional server types and click Next. Select Internet E-mail - Connect to POP or IMAP server to send and receive e-mail messages. Now we need to manually enter in our settings similar to the following. Under the Server Information section verify the following. Account Type: IMAPIncoming mail server: imap.gmail.com Outgoing mail server (SMTP): smtp.gmail.com Note: If you have a Google Apps account make sure to put the full email address (user@yourdomain.com) in the Your Name and User Name fields. Note: If you live outside of the US you might need to use imap.googlemail.com and smtp.googlemail.com Next, we need to click on the More Settings button. In the Internet E-mail Settings screen that pops up, click on the Outgoing Server tab, and check the box next to My outgoing server (SMTP) requires authentication. Also select the radio button next to Use same settings as my incoming mail server. In the same window click on the Advanced tab and verify the following. Incoming server (IMAP): 993 or 143Incoming server encrypted connection: SSLOutgoing server encrypted connection TLSOutgoing server (SMTP): 25 or 465Click OK when finished. Now we want to test the settings, before continuing on...it's just easier that way in case something was entered incorrectly. To make sure the settings are tested, check the box Test Account Settings by clicking the Next button. If you've entered everything in correctly, both tasks will be completed successfully and you can close out of the window. and begin using your account via Outlook 2010. You'll get a final congratulations message you can close out of.. And begin using your account via Outlook 2010. Import your old POP account into the newly created IMAP account If you currently keep a copy of your mail on the server, then you're done! But if you delete them from the server, then you have to import your old POP mail into your IMAP. Here's how to do it Click the File tab. Click Open. Click Import. In the Import and Export Wizard, click Import from another program or file, and the click Next. Click Outlook Data File (.pst), and then click Next. Click Browse, and then choose the file to import. Under Options, it is recommended that you click Do not import duplicates unless you want the imported information to replace or duplicate items already in Outlook. Click Next. If a password was assigned to the Outlook Data File (.pst), you are prompted to enter the password, and then click OK. Set the options for importing items. The default settings usually don't need to be changed. The top folder - usually Personal Folders, Outlook Data File, or your email address - is selected automatically. Include subfolders is selected by default. All folders under the folder selected will be imported. The default selection of Import items into the same folder in matches the folders from the imported file to the folders in Outlook. If a folder doesn't exist in Outlook, it will be created. Click Finish. You can check your back up data on outlook. And the very important thing is you have to delete your old POP account from the outlook, Otherwise they will continue to receive email in the old POP account. Right click on your old POP account Remove it Now you can continue with the IMAP account.
MOUNTAIN LIONS Home | Ask the Expert | Contact | Site Map | Store| About | FAQ | Disclaimer |MOUNTAIN LIONSJames E. Knight Extension Wildlife Specialist Animal and Range Sciences Montana State University Bozeman, MT 59717For Additional Information Click Mountain Lions Fig. 1. Mountain lion, Felis concolor Fig. 2. Range of the mountain lion in North America. Identification The mountain lion (cougar, puma, catamount, panther; Fig. 1) is the largest cat native to North America. The head is relatively small, and the face is short and rounded. The neck and body are elongate and narrow. The legs are very muscular and the hind legs are considerably longer than the forelegs. The tail is long, cylindrical, and well-haired. The pelage of the mountain lion varies considerably. There are two major color phases — red and gray. The red phase varies from buff, cinnamon, and tawny to a very reddish color, while the gray phase varies from silvery gray to bluish and slate gray. The sides of the muzzle are black. The upper lip, chin, and throat are whitish. The tail is the same color as the body, except for the tip, which is dark brown or black. The young are yellowish brown with irregular rows of black spots. Male mountain lions are usually considerably larger than females. Adults range from 72 to 90 inches (183 to 229 cm) in total length including the tail, which is 30 to 36 inches (76 to 91 cm) long. They weigh from 80 to 200 pounds (36 to 91 kg). The mountain lion’s skull has 30 teeth. Female mountain lions have 8 mammae. Range The range of the mountain lion in North America is shown in figure 2. Its primary range occurs in western Canada and in the western and southwestern United States. Sparse populations occur in the south, from Texas to Florida. Several mountain lion sightings have occurred in midwestern and eastern states but populations are not recognized. Habitat The mountain lion can be found in a variety of habitats including coniferous forests, wooded swamps, tropical forests, open grasslands, chaparral, brushlands, and desert edges. They apparently prefer rough, rocky, semiopen areas, but show no particular preferences for vegetation types. In general, mountain lion habitat corresponds with situations where deer occur in large, rugged, and remote areas. Food Habits Mountain lions are carnivorous. Their diet varies according to habitat, season, and geographical region. Although deer are their preferred prey and are a primary component of their diet, other prey will be taken when deer are unavailable. Other prey range from mice to moose, including rabbits, hares, beaver, porcupines, skunks, martens, coyotes, peccaries, bear cubs, pronghorn, Rocky Mountain goats, mountain sheep, elk, grouse, wild turkeys, fish, occasionally domestic livestock and pets, and even insects. Mountain lions, like bobcats and lynx, are sometimes cannibalistic. General Biology, Reproduction, and Behavior Mountain lions are shy, elusive, and primarily nocturnal animals that occasionally are active during daylight hours. For this reason they are seldom observed, which leads the general public to believe that they are relatively rare, even in areas where lion populations are high. They attain great running speeds for short distances and are agile tree climbers. Generally solitary, they defend territories. Dominant males commonly kill other males, females, and cubs. A mountain lion’s home range is usually 12 to 22 square miles (31 to 57 k 2 ), although it may travel 75 to 100 miles (120 to 161 km) from its place of birth. The mountain lion does not have a definite breeding season, and mating may take place at any time. In North America there are records of births in every month, although the majority of births occur in late winter and early spring. The female is in estrus for approximately 9 days. After a gestation period of 90 to 96 days, 1 to 5 young (usually 3 or 4) are born. The kittens can eat meat at 6 weeks although they usually nurse until about 3 months of age. The young usually hunt with their mother through their first winter. Historically, the 
Hemostasis the body to stop bleeding and loss of blood. During hemostasis three steps occur in a rapid sequence. Vascular spasm is the first response as the blood vessels constrict to allow less blood to be lost. In the second step, platelet plug formation, platelets stick together to form a temporary seal to cover the break in the vessel wall. The third and last step is called coagulation or blood clotting. Coagulation reinforces the platelet plug with fibrin threads that act as a "molecular glue". Platelets are a large factor in the hemostatic process. They allow for the creation of the
Definitions &Translations Administrative assistant. Administrative Assistant is a broad job category that designates an individual who provides various kinds of administrative support to people and groups in business enterprises.dministrative Assistant is a broad job category that designates an individual who provides various kinds of administrative support to people and groups in business enterprises.
Bulgaria GDP Bulgaria GDP per capita is $6,819.87 (USD) Bulgaria GDP per capita is , factoring in purchase power parity (PPP), it becomes $17,511.76 (USD), making it the 64th richest country in the world. The average GDP adjusted to PPP per capita in the last 10 years was $15,264.38 (USD).
Guide to Plasma Welding Guide to Plasma Welding Table of Contents Equipment Power Source Torch Control Console/span>Wire Feeder Advantages Uses Plasma Welding Process Welding Positions Metals Limitations Video PAW or Plasma arc welding (PAW) is where the joining of metals or coalescence takes place by heating with a constricted arc between the workpiece (transfer arc) and an electrode or the constricting nozzle and the electrode (non-transfer arc). Narrow and deep welds can be made using this process at high welding speeds. The way shielding occurs is related to the hot ionized gas that issues from the orifice. It can also be supplemented by another source of shielding gas. The shielding gas can be a mixture of gases or an inert gas. Pressure can be used (or not used). You can also supply or not supply a filler metal. The objective of the plasma arc welding process is to increase the energy level of the arc plasma in a controlled manner. It is achieved by providing a special gas nozzle around a tungsten electrode operating on a DCEN power source. The constricted plasma formed is concentrated and highly ionized. The process is detailed in the diagram below (figure 10-35). Plasma Arc Welding Process Diagram Keyhole Mode Plasma Arc Welding process diagram – Figure 10-35 
- I%27m Only Human by Rick Ross Songfacts. Lord knows I ain't perfect. [Rodney (Rick Ross)] I'm only human. I'm only human. I'm a man, I make mistakes. I'ma make, I'ma make, I'ma make mistakes. (Rodney, I love you, homie!) I'm only human.
- What is the average Bakery Manager salary for Seattle, WA? How much does a Bakery Manager in Seattle, WA make? The median annual Bakery Manager salary in Seattle, WA is $46,942, as of January 02, 2018, with a range usually between $42,612-$51,316 not including bonus and benefit information and other factors that impact base pay.
- The American Civil War-The American Civil War was from 1861 to 1865 it was a civil war between the United States of America and the Southern slave states of the newly-formed Confederate States of America under Jefferson Davis.auses of The American Civil War - War is the unfolding of miscalculations.. - Barbara Tuchman Lasting from 1861 to 1865, the Civil War is considered the bloodiest war in American history. However, the Civil War had seemingly been a long time coming.
Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.
Copa Reservations Copa Airlines is the main airline of Panama, based in Panama City. Copa's operations are centered at Tocumen International Airport, located 15 miles from Panama City. Founded in 1947, Copa airways started with three domestic flights within Panama, and today the airline flies to 29 countries and 64 destinations in North and South America and the Caribbean.
Here is Cyst's response to our ganking - he'd rather get Blizzard to fight his battles for him &gt; I've spoken with a GM about it, what you're doing is in fact griefing. Each time will result with more severe action being taken. (3 hour ban, 24 hour, etc. until permaban.) You will be reported every time. Feel free to corpse camp or members all you want -- you can't do it for much longer.

Drink in the delicious **juice**.
Journey to the Center of the Earth Journey to the Center of the Earth Journey to the Center of the Earth (, also translated under the titles A Journey to the Centre of the Earth and A Journey to the Interior of the Earth) is an 1864 science fiction novel by Jules Verne. The story involves German professor Otto Lidenbrock who believes there are volcanic tubes going toward the centre of the Earth. He, his nephew Axel, and their guide Hans descend into the Icelandic volcano Snæfellsjökull, encountering many adventures, including prehistoric animals and natural hazards, before eventually coming to the surface again in southern Italy, at
Introduction: Introduction: Definition of Unity: occurs when all of the elements of a piece combine to make a balanced, harmonious, complete whole. Unity is another of those hard-to-describe art terms but, when it's present, your eye and brain are pleased to see it. Definition of Harmony: brings together a composition with similar units. If your composition was using wavy lines and organic shapes you would stay with those types of lines and not put in just one geometric shape. (Notice how similar Harmony is to Unity)Photo to the left: Do you feel as though this photo shows unity, harmony, or both? Why do you think so? Most likely you had problems figuring out which one or if both. When looking at unity and harmony there is no clear answer to whether art achieves them other than you feel as though the piece is visually appealing. Does this photo achieve that? If so, why does it? (Photo provided byphotos8)Photo to the right: What about this photo...is it unified or harmonious? The one thing that makes this photo appealing to the eye is the colors. It's what we call a monochromatic scheme (different values of one color). The color is also blue, which is a cool color and cool colors are known for being relaxing. Based on this can we conclude that this photo is unified or harmonious? If so, why can we? (Photo provided by photos8)Principles of Art: Notes for Contrast and Unity Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:00 / 8:48Variety Unity View more presentations from Sharon Dvora. Art Talk Portion: Listen to the following Podcast on Emphasis. Use the (blue) Art Talk book while the audio reads along in the chapter about Unity. Click here to listen to the podcast on Unity Listen to the following Podcast on Emphasis. Use the (blue) Art Talk book while the audio reads along in the chapter about Harmony. Click here to listen to the podcast on Harmony Other Websites: Unity--Basic Principles of Design Principles of Design: Unity Principles of Good Design--Unity Design Principles-Unity Elements and Principles of Visual Design--Unity Harmony and Unity Articulation- Harmony & Unity Design Principles-Harmony 
This comment is not toxic.
- A healthy newborn is expected to lose 7% to 10% of the birth weight, but should regain that weight within the first 2 weeks or so after birth. During their first month, most newborns gain weight at a rate of about 1 ounce (30 grams) per day. They generally grow in height about 1 to 1½ inches (2.54 to 3.81 centimeters) during the first month. Many newborns go through a period of rapid growth when they are 7 to 10 days old and again at 3 and 6 weeks.
Initiate a call.
Jump seat In general, the term 'jump seat' can also refer to a seat in any type of vehicle which can fold up out of the way; vehicles include carriages, automobiles, vans, buses, fire tenders, and taxicabs. The term originated in the USA circa 1860 for a movable carriage seat.
Why Dhoni steps down as captain from Indian cricket?
Scientific concept of a theory: "Based on our testing and observations we believe this is the way things generally work." Layman's concept of a theory: "All that science and you guys only have a *guess*?"
Many food banks do give out food staples such as rice, flour, oil etc. Also, food banks rely almost exclusively on donations of food by manufacturers, distributors, grocers, as well as commodity foods provided by the USDA. If a food bank is giving out hamburger helper, it's likely because General Mills donated it. Additionally, people who use food banks are like anyone else: they want things that taste good and are easy to make. Do you get by wholly on inexpensive unprocessed commodity foods? Beyond liking tasty/easy stuff as much as anyone else, people who utilize food banks are often likely to have less equipment to prepare and preserve food with. It's easy for me to make a big stew in my crock pot and save it in meal-size containers in my chest freezer, and it means I get a lot of cheap meals out of that. But if you can't afford a crock pot, meal-size containers, or a chest freezer, then it becomes harder to do that.
Much of the cuisine of former Ottoman territories today is descended from a shared Ottoman cuisine, especially Turkish cuisine, and including Greek cuisine, Balkan cuisine, Armenian cuisine, and Middle Eastern cuisine. Many common dishes in the region, descendants of the once-common Ottoman cuisine, include yogurt, döner kebab/gyro/shawarma, cacık/tzatziki, ayran, pita bread, feta cheese, baklava, lahmacun, moussaka, yuvarlak, köfte/keftés/kofta, börek/boureki, rakı/rakia/tsipouro/tsikoudia, meze, dolma, sarma, rice pilaf, Turkish coffee, sujuk, kashk, keşkek, manti, lavash, kanafeh, and more.
What Causes Morning Sickness? Morning sickness is a common symptom of pregnancy and is marked by nausea and occasional vomiting. Despite the name, morning sickness can cause discomfort at any time of the day.
My boyfriend wants to kiss me and I kind of want to kiss him, but I've never kissed anyone and I'm scared I'll be terrible at it. What should I do?
This comment is not toxic.
- 1 It can cost $50 to $100 or more extra to spay a pregnant cat, depending on the stage of pregnancy. 2  Laser surgery sometimes is available for spaying or neutering, at an added cost of $30 to $50 or more. Most veterinarians offer the option of pre-anesthesia blood work, to make sure the liver and kidneys are working properly, for about $40. 2  It can cost $25 to $30 extra to spay a female who is overweight or in heat. 3  It can cost $50 to $100 or more extra to spay a pregnant cat, depending on the stage of pregnancy.
Observation From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Observations" redirects here. For the travel book, see Observations (Pierre Belon). For other uses, see Observation (disambiguation). This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2008) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Observer is someone who gathers information about observed phenomenon, but does not intervene. Observing the air traffic in Rõuge, Estonia. Observation is the active acquisition of information from a primary source. In living beings, observation employs the senses. In science, observation can also involve the recording of data via the use of scientific instruments. The term may also refer to any data collected during the scientific activity. Observations can be qualitative, that is, only the absence or presence of a property is noted, or quantitative if a numerical value is attached to the observed phenomenon by counting or measuring. Contents [ hide ]1 Observation in science2 Observational paradoxes3 Biases3.1 Confirmation bias3.2 "Cargo cult" science3.3 Processing bias3.4 Observational bias4 Observations in philosophy5 See also6 References Observation in science [ edit]The scientific method requires observations of nature to formulate and test hypotheses. [1] It consists of these steps: [2] [3]Asking a question about a natural phenomenon Making observations of the phenomenon Hypothesizing an explanation for the phenomenon Predicting logical, observable consequences of the hypothesis that have not yet been investigated Testing the hypothesis’ predictions by an experiment, observational study, field study, or simulation Forming a conclusion from data gathered in the experiment, or making a revised/new hypothesis and repeating the process Writing out a description of the method of observation and the results or conclusions reached Review of the results by peers with experience researching the same phenomenon Observations play a role in the second and fifth steps of the scientific method. However the need for reproducibility requires that observations by different observers can be comparable. Human sense impressions are subjective and qualitative, making them difficult to record or compare. The use of measurement developed to allow recording and comparison of observations made at different times and places, by different people. Measurement consists of using observation to compare the phenomenon being observed to a standard unit. The standard unit can be an artifact, process, or definition which can be duplicated or shared by all observers. In measurement the number of standard units which is equal to the observation is counted. Measurement reduces an observation to a number which can be recorded, and two observations which result in the same number are equal within the resolution of the process. Senses are limited, and are subject to errors in perception such as optical illusions. Scientific instruments were developed to magnify human powers of observation, such as weighing scales, clocks, telescopes, microscopes, thermometers, cameras, and tape recorders, and also translate into perceptible form events that are unobservable by human senses, such as indicator dyes, voltmeters, spectrometers, infrared cameras, oscilloscopes, interferometers, geiger counters, and radio receivers. One problem encountered throughout scientific fields is that the observation may affect the process being observed, resulting in a different outcome than if the process was unobserved. This is called the observer effect. For example, it is not normally possible to check the air pressure in an automobile tire without letting out some of the air, thereby changing the pressure. However, in most fields of science it is possible to reduce the effects of observation to insignificance by using better instruments. Considered as a physical process itself, all forms of observation (human or instrumental) involve amplific
Relationships and Safety Laws on violence against women Any type of violence is illegal. Laws about violence against women give additional support to women and families affected by violence. The most significant laws related to violence against women are the Violence Against Women Act and the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act (FVPSA). Learn more about your protection under each of these laws. Expand all Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 20131The Family Violence Prevention and Services Act Domestic Violence Resource Network National Domestic Violence Hotline (800-799-7233). Local laws about violence against women2Did we answer your question about laws against violence against women? Family Violence Prevention and Services Program Stalking Laws Victim Law Violence Against Women: Federal Legislation and Regulations Violence Prevention Sources The Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013: Summary of Changes An Updated Definition of Rape Previous Page Next Page Relationships and Safety resources Related information Date rape drugs Mental Health Female genital cutting Resources Relationships and safety resources Blog topics Relationships and safety 
Why Does an MRI Cost So Darn Much? Add in the Doctors and Hospitals. Charges for a single MRI scan vary widely across the country for reasons beyond startup costs. According to the recently released Medicare data, MRIs charges are as little as $474 or as high as $13,259, depending on where you go.hen it comes to pricey hospital procedures, MRIs come to mind. Sure enough, according to recently released Medicare pricing data analyzed by NerdWallet Health, the average cost of an MRI in the U.S. is $2,611. Here’s what’s behind that number.
2014 Harley Davidson Dyna Street Bob The 2014 Harley Davidson Dyna Street Bob is offered with a base price of $13,349. Hit the jump for more information on the 2014 Harley Davidson Dyna Street Bob. 2014 Harley Davidson Dyna Street Bob
To add on to what everyone else is saying, methamphetamine use was rampant among Japanese soldiers and air men. While all the armies in the Second World War provided amphetamines to their units to keep them at peak performance for longer, Japan lead the pack in how much it distributed, in part to suppress the effect hunger had on their workers and soldiers. In fact, it was the only army to actually have a meth *ration*, rather than distributing it to its troops on an ad-hoc basis when needed. This rampant overuse lasted until the 1950's to keep factory workers going and meth remains a large problem in Japan to this day. While it's unclear how large of an impact it had on the Japanese army's actions, it can be reasonably supposed that it contributed to the brutal treatment of Chinese civilians .
Possibly Ferrari 2016 car.
What is Agriculture, Definition of AgricultureBen G. Bareja, last edited August 2014 4. Agriculture is practiced for the purpose of producing food and other human needs such as clothing, shelter, medicines, weapons, tools, ornaments, and indefinitely many more. It is likewise practiced as a business for economic gain. The ultimate purpose is essentially important in clarifying what is agriculture.
Stanford is a private university, which means it isn't subsidized by the government (as I'm guessing a lot of NZ schools are). It's also incredibly prestigious, and people are willing to pay a premium to go there. For both reasons, Stanford is a terrible example to choose, as it is nothing like the "average" American college. The US has schools of all kinds and sizes, both public and private, with varying levels of amenities. You have expensive private schools like Stanford or Yale, state-subsidized universities that are probably closer to your levels or tuition, or community colleges as cheap as $1000 a year. Using Stanford as an example for tuition costs would be like using caviar as an example for the price of an average meal.
Perhaps it has to do with a high concentration of educated people? ..colleges and universities...
I can only give you a small example of this from what I know. In Ireland during the early 20th century, with the wars in 1916 and 1919, a woman named [Countess Markievicz](_URL_2_) who was from Ireland but married to Casimir Markievicz, a Russian noble, took up arms in those wars. She was part of the [Irish Citizen Army](_URL_3_) who were the most left-wing group in the Easter Rising and had the ultimate goal of a Communist Irish Republic.  _____________________ That is about as close as I can get for you with my own knowledge.
I am a speech therapist. In learning about the anatomy and physiology of the mouth, throat, and larynx, I learned that when a person experiences emotional upset or shock or some other extreme emotion, the muscles of the larynx are greatly affected by that emotion. That's why you can tell if someone is upset or mad just by the sound of his/her voice. The muscles contract which is not what the airway likes. The trachea and airway want to stay opened and relaxed so that breathing can continue.
Why to synchronize on SynchronizedMap or SynchronizedCollections?
Boundary Map of Covington, Washington Covington, WA, is a city located in the central part of Washington. Cities Neighboring Covington, WA. The following Cities are next to Covington, WA: Kent is 5.3 miles west of Covington, WA. Maple Valley is 3.2 miles east of Covington, WA.
What is Nuclear Power? Nuclear power is energy which is produced with the use of a controlled nuclear reaction. Many nations use nuclear power plants to generate electricity for both civilian and military use, and some nations also utilize this type of energy to run parts of their naval fleets, especially submarines. Some people favor an expansion of nuclear power plants because this form of energy is considered cleaner than fossil fuels such as coal, although they come with a number of problems which must be addressed, including the safe disposal of radioactive waste products. The process of generation nuclear power starts with the mining and processing of uranium and other radioactive elements. These elements are used to feed the reactor of a power plant, generating a reaction known as fission which creates intense heat, turning water in the plant into steam. The steam powers steam turbines, which generate electricity and feed the electricity into the electrical grid. When nuclear energy is used to power something like a submarine, the reactor runs the engines, with the steam directly powering the engines. In both cases, the reactor requires careful supervision, because runaway nuclear reactions must be stopped as quickly as possible to prevent serious problems. Many nuclear power plants have extensive automated systems which help to identify potential trouble spots, and these systems can also re-route power, turn off parts of the plant, and perform other tasks which make the plant safer and cleaner. Ad One of the advantages of nuclear energy is that it does not produce greenhouse gases. It does, however, produce hazardous waste. Spent nuclear fuel is radioactive and extremely dangerous, requiring a substantial infrastructure to secure the power plant and to handle the fuel. Unfortunately, some nations do not have adequate measures for handling their spent fuel in place, and it is not uncommon to see “temporary” solutions for the storage of nuclear material which last for decades. The process of mining and refining the necessary radioactive elements used in a nuclear power plant is also not very clean, and these elements require secure transport, which can add to the cost of this type of power significantly. Several nations have instituted a moratorium on the development of nuclear energy until these problems have been addressed. Ad 
What does MA stand for after someone's name? The initials, MA written directly after a person's name usually refers to the degree held by that person, in this case, a Masters of Arts degree. login register
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Comprehensive Metabolic Panel URL of this page: //medlineplus.gov/ency/article/003468.htm. A comprehensive metabolic panel is a group of blood tests. They provide an overall picture of your body's chemical balance and metabolism. Metabolism refers to all the physical and chemical processes in the body that use energy.
Merge tables Merge tables Fusion Tables enables combining data from multiple sources and people -- that is, merging different tables. For example, you could merge eight different tables with various survey results for US hospitals to create one useful hospital information resource. Or you might want to combine a table with county boundaries with a table of county census data to show population trends graphically on a map. This unique ability to combine or fuse data that may be owned by different people is why we're called "Fusion" Tables. You can tell a table is merged when columns have different background colors. Each color reflects a different source table. Check File > About to see the tables that have been merged into this one. The merge function is also quite useful to create custom intensity maps or extract subsets of larger data. Merged tables are just a virtual combination of the tables that make them up. Changes in the original tables' data will be seen in the merged table. To merge two tables, you need to identify a column in each table to use for matching up values. (For SQL fans, this is a join on primary key.) The merge will use an exact case-insensitive text match. Usually it's best if the table you start from has only unique values in the column you'll use to merge. Value Will match Will not match California CALIFORNIA CASANTA CLARA COUNTY, CA Santa Clara County, CA County of Santa Clara Barack Obama barack obama Obama, Barack To merge tables: Choose File > Merge. (If inactive, sign in first. )Select the table to merge with from your Google Drive list, or paste in the URL of a table. Click Next . For both tables, select a column from the Match columns dropdown menu. Choose columns that contain the same text, examples of which are previewed here. Tip: This isn't a preview of how the values will match up - these samples may be from different parts of the tables. Review the columns for the new table, and uncheck any you don't wish to include. Click Create merged table. When starting from a merged table, you'll have the option to merge the new columns into the existing table. Limitations of merged tables These features are not available on merged tables: File > Make a copy Use File > Download and then import the .csv to a new table. File > Import new rows New rows will appear if matching rows are added to the base tables. Edit > Delete all rows Rows will go away if they no longer match from the base tables. File > Create view Edit > Change columns > New > Column Edit > Change columns > New > Formula column Deleting a column Adding new columns to merged tables New columns added to base tables will not be available to the merged tables. To include new columns, the merge of the base tables must be created again. After merging two or more tables, you cannot use Edit > Add column to add additional columns to the merged table. You can only merge more columns in. These new columns must come from a table that isn't already part of the merge. Share this: 
The detrimental effects of excess sodium can be mostly counteracted with water, where-as it takes an almost impossible amount of physical activity to counteract daily excess calories, which is the typical problem in an American diet for example.
Clinton Romesha Clinton LaVor "Clint" Romesha (/'rɔʋməʃeɪ /; born August 17, 1981) is a former United States Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Battle of Kamdesh in 2009 during the war in Afghanistan.
Great minds think alike. Ahoy, fellow redditor. Yer not alone in askin', and kind strangers have explained: 1. [ELI5: Why do you fall asleep much easier on the couch watching TV (or anywhere other than your normal sleeping place) than in your normally used bed? ](_URL_0_) ^(_57 comments_) 1. [ELI5: Why is easy to fall asleep on the couch unintentually, but harder to fall asleep when you move to your bed? ](_URL_1_) ^(_9 comments_) 1. [ELI5: falling asleep on the couch/in a chair - you go to your bedroom to call it a night and then you're wide awake. ](_URL_2_) ^(_11 comments_)
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Markwayne Mullin Markwayne Mullin (born July 26, 1977) is an American politician and businessman who has been the United States representative for Oklahoma's 2nd congressional district since 2013. He owns several businesses, which he took over at twenty, when his father became ill. Mullin, a member of the Republican Party, was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in the 2012 elections, succeeding Democratic representative Dan Boren.
- County Waterford. County Waterford (Irish: Contae Phort Láirge; the English name comes from Old Norse Vedrafjörður) is a county in the South-East Region of Ireland, in the province of Munster. It is named after the city of Waterford, which is derived from the Old Norse name Veðrafjǫrðr or Vedrarfjord.
Do girls stop growing when they hit puberty? When do Girls Stop Growing? Girls hit their maximum growth spurt before menstruation begins, generally getting their first period around 12 1/2 years of age. Once their period starts, girls typically gain another 1 to 2 inches in height, reaching their full adult height by age 14 or 15.
DISH Network Phone Number Home > Cable Companies > DISHDISH Network Phone Number DISH TV Network 800 Number Order Dish Network: 1-844-863-0527Dish Customer Service Call 1-855-318-0572How to call Dish: After calling the the toll free number above, you will be given the following options. Use the phone menu below to understand how to get customer care and technical support. Thank you for choosing DISH, to continue your call in English press 1Existing Customer: If you already have DISH or have an installation scheduled press 1,Please enter the 10 digit phone number on your account or the 16 digit account number followed by the account key I show you are calling from XXX-XXX-XXXX (caller’s phone number)To use this number to look up your account, press 1At DISH protecting your personal information is our top priority. To proceed please enter your four digit security code, or the last four digits of the account holder social security number, followed by the # key Are you having problems with your TV signal, remote, or receiver box, press 1If no press 2Please hold for the next available customer service rep To enter a different phone number or your account number, press 2New Customer: If you are not yet a DISH customer press 2Please hold for the next available customer service rep. To ensure quality your call maybe recorded. Thank you for calling Dish, how may help you? (real person)source: https://my.dish.com/customercare/usermanagement/prep Logon.do 
Aging and depression Depression can also have potentially harmful effects on an older adult's health in other ways. Depression can lead to eating habits that result in obesity or, conversely, can cause a significant loss of appetite and diminished energy levels, sometimes resulting in a condition known as geriatric anorexia.
How much does a Dental Assistant make in Oklahoma? How much does a Dental Assistant make in Oklahoma? Table of Contents How much do Dental Assistants make in Oklahoma? Dental Assistant earnings by seniority Dental Assistant Salary Dental Assistant salary comparison Historical salary for Dental Assistants in Oklahoma Average Dental Assistant Hourly Wage in Oklahoma Dental Assistants earn a median hourly wage of $16.24 . Hourly wages typically start from $12.06 and go up to $22.63 . Source: U. S. Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics Average Dental Assistant Yearly Salary in Oklahoma Dental Assistants earn a median salary of $33,780 per year. Salaries typically start from $25,070 and go up to $47,070 . Source: U. S. Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics Learn more about the Dental Assistant job market for salaries of real jobs in your area. Alternatively, see what Dental Assistants earn in other states. The number of dental assistants is expected to grow about 25%, which is not as high as the 28% growth in healthcare support jobs. Nonetheless, this career field is expected to grow more than twice as fast as all occupations in the US. The starting salary of dental assistants greatly depends on many factors, including whether the assistant is certified versus registered, where they are located, and the type of practice they work for. For example, by location, a dental assistant can earn as high as $42,000 working in Minnesota, to as low as $27,000 working in Utah. Additionally, by industry, a dental assistant can make approximately $41,000 working in the Insurance Carriers industry, and about $32,200 in a physician ’s office. Dental Assistant Compensation by Geographical Region The top paying metropolitan area in the US is in the Bay Area of California. This includes San Francisco, San Mateo, and Redwood City with an average annual dental assistant salary of $49k. Coming in at #2 on the list are Haverhill, North Andover, and Amesbury in Massachusetts at $48k per year. Not including Puerto Rico, the lowest paying state in the US for dental assistants is Utah with a $28k yearly salary. West Virginia was close behind with an average salary of $29k. While the pay varies between states, something to also consider is a potential lower standard of living. Employment Type Mix71%Full-Time29%Part-Time Source: Sokanu user data. View more Dental Assistant demographics Salary Satisfaction2.9SCORE947RATINGSDental Assistants average a score of 2.9 out of 5 on our salary satisfaction scale. This places Dental Assistants in the 30th percentile of salary satisfaction. Source: Sokanu user data. View more Dental Assistant satisfaction Dental Assistant Earnings by Seniority Top End Dental Assistant Earnings The highest earning Dental Assistants in Oklahoma earn:$22.63 an hour$47,070 per year Senior Dental Assistant Earnings Senior Dental Assistants in Oklahoma earn:$19.13 an hour$39,780 per year Experienced Dental Assistant Earnings Experienced Dental Assistants in Oklahoma earn:$16.24 an hour$33,780 per year Junior Dental Assistant Earnings Junior Dental Assistants in Oklahoma earn:$13.73 an hour$28,550 per year Starting Dental Assistant Earnings Starting Dental Assistants in Oklahoma earn:$12.06 an hour$25,070 per year Approximate values based on highest and lowest earning segments. Dental Assistant salary comparison Dental Assistants earn less than 64% percent of Health careers in Oklahoma. Dental Assistant salaries are in the bottom 68% of all careers in Oklahoma. Physician Assistant Salary in Oklahoma $102k Biomedical Engineer Salary in Oklahoma $67k Acute Care Nurse Practitioner Salary in Oklahoma $58k Coroner Salary in Oklahoma $46k Music Therapist Salary in Oklahoma $36k Dental Assistant Salary $32k Psychiatric Technician Salary in Oklahoma $29k Source: Historical salary for Dental Assistants in Oklahoma Year Highest Senior Experienced Junior Starting2010 38,380 34,380 29,680 25,740 21,7202011 38,380 34,920 29,760 25,590 21,4602012 38,490 34,750 29,390 25,000 20,6402013 41,280 36,000 30,680 25,230 20,6902014 44,400 37,1
Gastroenterology Not to be confused with Gastronomy. Gastroenterology (MeSH heading) is the branch of medicine focused on the digestive system and its disorders. Diseases affecting the gastrointestinal tract, which include the organs from mouth to anus, along the alimentary canal, are the focus of this speciality. Physicians practicing in this field are called gastroenterologists.
Boiling point liquid is the highest temperature (and pressure) it will actually boil at. See also Vapour pressure of water. The element with the lowest boiling point is helium. Both the boiling points of rhenium and tungsten exceed 5000 K at standard pressure; because it is difficult to measure extreme temperatures precisely without bias, both have been cited in the literature as having the higher boiling point. As can be seen from the above plot of the logarithm of the vapor pressure vs. the temperature for any given pure chemical compound, its normal boiling point can serve as an indication of that
Cedarlawn Cemetery Cedarlawn Cemetery is a cemetery located in Philadelphia, Mississippi. It is also sometimes spelled Cedar Lawn Cemetery. Multiple people of note are interred at Cedarlawn Cemetery:
Provident Funding Provident Funding0By Marlon Brown on November 6, 2015 Lenders Founded in 1992, Provident Funding calls itself the market leader in mortgage price and loan rate. The company claims to offer the price advantage through its commitment to a low cost structure and guaranteed transfer of cost savings to end users. It will be a worthwhile exercise to learn about the cost of homeownership. The real cost of a mortgage loan includes down payment, interest and closing cost. It will really be helpful if you can keep the rate of interest to the lowest. Provident Funding is also known for its mortgage origination technology, customer-oriented culture and quick loan process. As a direct lender, it can offer a one-stop solution, though it has offices throughout the nation. Currently, Provident Funding maintains a loan servicing portfolio of $60 billion and nearly 300,000 customers. Provident Funding Mortgage Payment The payments are due on the first day of every month. However, you are offered a grace period of 15 days, after which you may have to pay a late fee as well. There are four ways to make payments at Provident Funding. You can log in to your online account to pay mortgages. You must register to successfully sign in to your account. You can set up monthly Auto Pay, which allows your servicer to automatically withdraw from your account every month. This is the best way to ensure you never default on your home mortgage. You can send your payments by mail. The ordinary mailing address is as follows. Provident Funding Associates, L. P. Attn: Payment Processing P. O. Box 513738 Los Angeles, CA 90051-3738The overnight mailing address is as follows. Provident Funding Associates, L. P. Attn: Payment Processing 3750 S. Robertson Blvd. Suite 102 Culver City, CA 90232You can make payments via phone as well by calling (888) 593-2729. Please note you will have to pay a processing fee to avail this option. Provident Funding Mortgage Customer Service The customer service phone number to reach Provident Funding loan servicing department is 1-800-696-8199, which is a toll-free number. You can call this number to inquire about your loan details and also when you face financial hardship. Just speak with a loss mitigation officer to work out on a solution and avoid a foreclosure. You can also contact Provident Funding mortgage customer service online. Just log on to your account and go to the relevant option. The mailing address to send your complaints and inquiries are as follows. Provident Funding Associates, L. P. P. O. Box 5914 Santa Rosa, CA 95402-5914 
Nuance Power PDF REVIEW Nuance Power PDF is a solution that makes it simple to convert, edit, annotate, and share documents from any application, or back again. You can use this app to work easily, securely, and more productively. Individuals and small business can use the Power PDF Standard 2 package which is a new intuitive PDF converter with an affordable price.
State University of New York at Oneonta State University of New York at Oneonta. The State University of New York College at Oneonta (more commonly known as SUNY Oneonta, and also called Oneonta State, SUCO, and O-State) is a four-year liberal arts college in Oneonta, New York, United States, with approximately 10,000 students.
Final Regular Season Team Goalie Stats
Gallons to Pints Conversion Gallons to pints fluid and dry volume units conversion factors are listed below. To find out how many pints in gallons, multiply by the factor or simply use the converter below. 1 Gallon = 8 Pints [US, UK, Fluid or Dry] Gallon and pint are imperial and US customary volume measurement units. Both units can be used for fluid and dry measurement in US customary but there is no such distinction in the imperial system. The abbreviation for gallon is gal and for pint is pt.
Spill the Wine Spill the Wine  is a 1970 song performed by Eric Burdon and War. Released as a single in May 1970 (backed by the non-album track  Magic Mountain ), it was War's first chart hit, peaking at number three in the US.
What philosophers were most critical of Hume?
Teething May Not Be Linked to Fever Teething May Not Be Linked to Fever Study Shows Infants Don't Get Fevers When Their Primary Teeth Erupt By Kathleen Doheny From the Web MD Archives Aug. 8, 2011 -- Teething and fever don't usually go together, according to new research. That may come as a surprise to both parents and doctors, says researcher Joana Ramos-Jorge, a Ph D student in pediatric dentistry at the Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais in Belo Horizonte, Brazil. She polled the parents of 47 Brazilian infants, ages 5 to 15 months, while the infants were teething, to see what symptoms accompanied it. "The most significant result of this study was that fever and primary tooth eruption aren't associated," Ramos-Jorge says in an email interview. Based on that finding, she says, parents and doctors should not automatically blame teething for a high fever. It may be related to something else, and that needs to be investigated, she says. She did find some common symptoms of teething, such as increased saliva. And these symptoms usually appear the day the tooth eruption begins, making it difficult to predict teething. Her study is published online in Pediatrics. Continue Reading Belowyou might like Symptoms of Teething The infants in the study had up to seven erupted teeth when the study started. They did not have a history of conditions that could cause symptoms related to teething. The researchers visited the infants' homes daily over an eight-month period. They took the babies' temperature inside the ear and under the arm. The researchers asked the mothers to describe any symptoms their baby had in the last 24 hours. The symptoms were recorded every day on a chart. It was also noted on a daily basis if the tooth was erupting or not. In all, 231 teeth erupted during the study. On average, each baby had nearly five teeth erupt. The temperature, when taken both by ear and armpit, rose slightly on eruption days. However, teething and fever were not linked. The highest temperature recorded was 98 degrees Fahrenheit. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, a rectal reading of 100.4 degrees or less or an oral reading of 99 degrees or less is considered normal. Most common symptoms of teething reported by the parents included: Irritability Increased salivation Runny nose Loss of appetite Other symptoms reported were diarrhea, rash, and sleep problems.1 2 View All 
Funke Akindele Akindele Olufunke Ayotunde (popularly known as Funke Akindele, born August 24, 1976 in Ikorodu, Lagos State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian actress. She came to limelight after featuring in popular United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) sponsored sitcom; "I Need to Know", which ran from 1998 to 2002. In 2009 she won the Africa Movie Academy Award for "Best Actress in a Leading Role". Funke Akindele also plays the lead character in the hit TV show "Jenifa's Diary", alongside Fisayo Ajisola, Falz, Juliana Olayode, Lolo and more. The show is a spin-off from the movie titled Jenifa.
Is there any other life existing except on Earth?
Why is carbon paper called carbon?
The Procession, held at sundown, consists of a non-motorized parade through downtown Tucson featuring many floats, sculptures, and memorials, in which the community is encouraged to participate. The parade is followed by performances on an outdoor stage, culminating in the burning of an urn in which written prayers have been collected from participants and spectators. The event is organized and funded by the non-profit arts organization Many Mouths One Stomach, with the assistance of many volunteers and donations from the public and local businesses.
- poetic. adj. 1. (Poetry) of or relating to poetry. 2. (Poetry) characteristic of poetry, as in being elevated, sublime, etc. 3. (Poetry) characteristic of a poet. 4. (Literary & Literary Critical Terms) recounted in verse. (poʊˈɛt ɪk). adj. Also, po•et′i•cal.
Going Straight Going Straight Going Straight is a BBC sitcom which was a direct spin-off from "Porridge", starring Ronnie Barker as Norman Stanley Fletcher, newly released from the fictional Slade Prison where the earlier series had been set. It sees Fletcher trying to become an honest member of society, having vowed to stay away from crime on his release. The title refers to this: 'straight' is a slang term meaning being honest, in contrast to 'bent', i.e. dishonest. Also re-appearing was Richard Beckinsale as Lennie Godber, who had been Fletcher's naïve young cellmate and was now in a relationship with Fletcher's daughter
Frank Underwood ( House of Cards) Frank Underwood (House of Cards) Francis J. Frank Underwood is a fictional character and the protagonist of the American version of House of Cards. He is portrayed by Kevin Spacey. He is a variation of Francis Urquhart, the protagonist of the British novel and television series House of Cards, from which the American Netflix series is adapted.
Effects of global warming From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is primarily about effects during the 21st century. For longer-term effects, see Long-term effects of global warming. See also Effects of global warming on humans. A summary of climate change impacts Projected global warming in 2100 for a range of emission scenarios The effects of global warming are the environmental and social changes caused (directly or indirectly) by human emissions of greenhouse gases. There is a scientific consensus that climate change is occurring, and that human activities are the primary driver. [1] Many impacts of climate change have already been observed, including glacier retreat, [2] changes in the timing of seasonal events [2] (e.g., earlier flowering of plants), [3] and changes in agricultural productivity. [2]Future effects of climate change will vary depending on climate change policies [4] and social development. [5] The two main policies to address climate change are reducing human greenhouse gas emissions ( climate change mitigation) and adapting to the impacts of climate change. [6] Geoengineering is another policy option. [6]Near-term climate change policies could significantly affect long-term climate change impacts. [4] [7] Stringent mitigation policies might be able to limit global warming (in 2100) to around 2 °C or below, relative to pre-industrial levels. [8] Without mitigation, increased energy demand and extensive use of fossil fuels [9] might lead to global warming of around 4 °C. [10] [11] Higher magnitudes of global warming would be more difficult to adapt to, [12] and would increase the risk of negative impacts. [13]Contents [ hide ]1 Definitions2 Temperature changes2.1 SRES emissions scenarios2.2 Projected warming in context3 Physical impacts3.1 Effects on weather3.2 Cryosphere3.3 Oceans4 Regions4.1 Observed impacts4.2 Projected impacts5 Social systems5.1 Food supply5.2 Health5.3 Water resources5.4 Migration and conflict5.5 Aggregate impacts6 Biological systems6.1 Observed impacts on biological systems6.2 Projected impacts on biological systems7 Abrupt or irreversible changes7.1 Biogeochemical cycles7.2 Greenland and West Antarctic Ice sheets7.3 Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation7.4 Irreversibilities8 Scientific opinion8.1 NASA data and tools9 See also10 Footnotes11 Notes12 References13 Further reading14 External links Definitions See also: attribution of recent climate change In this article, " climate change " means a change in climate that persists over a sustained period of time. [14] [15] The World Meteorological Organization defines this time period as 30 years. [14] Examples of climate change include increases in global surface temperature (global warming), changes in rainfall patterns, and changes in the frequency of extreme weather events. Changes in climate may be due to natural causes, e.g., changes in the sun 's output, or due to human activities, e.g., changing the composition of the atmosphere. [16] Any human-induced changes in climate will occur against a background of natural climatic variations [16] and of variations in human activity such as population growth on shores or in arid areas which increase or decrease climate vulnerability. [17]Also, the term "anthropogenic forcing" refers to the influence exerted on a habitat or chemical environment by humans, as opposed to a natural process. [18]Temperature changes Global mean surface temperature change since 1880, relative to the 1951–1980 mean. Source: NASA GISSThe graph above shows the average of a set of temperature simulations for the 20th century (black line), followed by projected temperatures for the 21st century based on three greenhouse gas emissions scenarios (colored lines). [19]This article breaks down some of the impacts of climate change according to different levels of future global warming. This way of describing impacts has, for instance, been used in the IPCC ( Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) Assessment Reports on climate change. [20] The instrumental temperature record shows 
Log into Squarespace Log into Squarespace Log In Create an Account Recover Account 
Average cost of car ownership rises to $8,946 per year AAA has released its 62nd annual Your Driving Costs study, which shows a 1.9-percent year-over-year increase in the cost of auto ownership. That's an average of $8,946 per year per car, with costs including monthly payment, fuel, maintenance and insurance.
Is it possible to escape the friend zone? If so, how?
Eating and exercise: 5 tips to maximize your workouts If you plan to exercise within an hour after breakfast, eat a light breakfast or drink something to raise your blood sugar, such as a sports drink. Emphasize carbohydrates for maximum energy. And remember, if you normally have coffee in the mornings, a cup before your workout is probably OK.
What continent is honduras on? Central America is merely a geographical region. Technically, Honduras is located in North America. Central America is the most southern point of the North American continent and comprises of 7 countries: Nicaragua, Honduras, Belize, Costa Rica, Panama, Guatemala and El Salvador.
Not an expert, but a gamer I believe this shift could be caused by more people having access to pc's and phones, especially phones. You would be hard pressed to find a phone without any games installed. Not only are games extremely common on phones, but they are also alot cheaper and easier to make over a AAA title. Amd since more people look to their phones for entertainment, they will be more likely to download them and possibly spend money on them.
Biography Helene Timpone, LCSW is an internationally recognized therapist, trainer, coach and consultant, especially noted for her work with Preteen and Teen Girls. Specializing in the areas of attachment, grief and trauma, Helene’s expertise is in empowering parents with information and techniques focused on understanding and identifying the trauma that lies beneath the child’s severe behaviors, creating long-term healing and enhancing close healthy relationships. With 15 years of experience and continued education and training Helene has redesigned the way families receive the treatment and support they need for success. The families that have worked with Helene have reported an overall excellency rating of 98%. Helene has studied Family Regulatory Therapy with B. Bryan Post for close to a decade and continues her affiliation with the internationally recognized, Post Institute & Assoc. as the Clinical Director and Director of their Great Behavior Breakdown Program. Helene has also published articles for the ww.oxytocincentral.com, The Post Parenting Journal, www.williamsburgfamilies.com and Beyond Consequences Institute. She has co-authored a CD with B. Bryan Post on Parenting Difficult Tweens and Teens and a webinar on The Power of Oxytocin: Discover the Breakthrough Hormone Essential for a Happy Home and Relationship which has received excellent reviews from parents, The Adoption Place and was highlighted on www.wesrch.com. Helene is in the process of writing a book on tween and teen girls as well as Co-authoring, The Great Behavior Breakdown for Teens with B. Bryan Post. Helene's success, passion and deep understanding of the issues facing Tween and Teen girls especially when severe behaviors are present, has led to the creation of Her Voice, Her Generation, LLC. Her organization, was designed to reach the homes of Tween and Teen girls globally by providing, workshops, tele-seminars, webinars, coaching, nonconventional therapy and consulting to families and/or professionals working toward healing adolescent girls with a history of trauma. Helene obtained her Master's Degree from SUNY at Stony Brook in Long Island, NY. Currently, she is Licensed as a Clinical Social Worker in Virginia and is a member of the NASW. Helene resides in Virginia Beach with her husband Nicholas and their daughter Madison, while their eldest daughter Jully is attending college in Florida. Join my Network and receive weekly parenting advice, words of inspiration and Support!Also, get a Free Video that will end your Power struggles today! * Email* First Name* = Required Field Email Marketing You Can Trust 
The Godfather's Revenge The Godfather's Revenge, a 2006 novel written by author Mark Winegardner, is the sequel to "The Godfather", "The Sicilian", and "The Godfather Returns". The story takes place from 1963–1964, and picks up the story from where "The Godfather Returns" left off. The novel deals with Michael Corleone's guilt over the events of "The Godfather Part II", particularly his ordering the death of his brother, Fredo. Subplots include Nick Geraci's plans for revenge against the Corleones, Tom Hagen's being implicated in a murder, and organized crime's battle with a presidential family (the Sheas, who are analogous to the Kennedy family).
The closes Star to us is 4.24 light years away. Voyager 1 is about 18 hours minutes away from the earth currently. So if nothing will happen to them it will be in a long long time. Edit: fixed a derp unit moment
Shell coding system
Marine gregarine genomes reveal the breadth of apicomplexan diversity and provide new insights on gliding motility Our current view of the evolutionary history, coding and adaptive capacities of Apicomplexa, protozoan parasites of a wide range of metazoan, is currently strongly biased toward species infecting humans, as data on early diverging apicomplexan lineages infecting invertebrates is extremely limited. Here, we characterized the genome of the marine eugregarine Porospora gigantea, intestinal parasite of Lobsters, remarkable for the macroscopic size of its vegetative feeding forms (trophozoites) and its gliding speed, the fastest so far recorded for Apicomplexa. Two highly syntenic genomes named A and B were assembled. Similar in size (~9 Mb) and coding capacity (~5300 genes), A and B genomes are 10.8% divergent at the nucleotide level, corresponding to 16-38 My in divergent time. Orthogroup analysis across 25 (proto)Apicomplexa species, including Gregarina niphandrodes, showed that A and B are highly divergent from all other known apicomplexan species, revealing an unexpected breadth of diversity. Phylogenetically these two species branch sister to Cephaloidophoroidea, and thus expand the known crustacean gregarine superfamily. The genomes were mined for genes encoding proteins necessary for gliding, a key feature of apicomplexans parasites, currently studied through the molecular model called glideosome. Sequence analysis shows that actin-related proteins and regulatory factors are strongly conserved within apicomplexans. In contrast, the predicted protein sequences of core glideosome proteins and adhesion proteins are highly variable among apicomplexan lineages, especially in gregarines. These results confirm the importance of studying gregarines to widen our biological and evolutionary view of apicomplexan species diversity, and to deepen our understanding of the molecular bases of key functions enabling parasitism, such as the glideosome.
Born Naked Born Naked is the seventh studio album from American singer-songwriter , actor and drag queen RuPaul . It was released on iTunes and Amazon through RuCo on February 24 , 2014 , coinciding with the sixth season premiere of RuPaul 's Drag Race . The album is RuPaul 's highest charting to date , reaching 4th position on US Billboard 's Dance/Electronic Albums list . The album is a mix of electronic , bounce , rock and gospel tunes .
This depends on the location. It occurred at different time and denotes the time when people started writing, and specifically, writing down a record of events. The term "prehistoric" is regarded as pejorative by some Native Americans because they didn't feel "prehistoric" or “primitive” before colonists arrived. As a result, many archaeologists employ the term "pre-contact" for what happened in the Americas when colonists who wrote came in contact with indigenous populations who didn't. That having been said, "prehistoric" is an appropriate term for Old World cultures who developed writing at some point, arriving at a point where they could write their own history, as opposed to leaving their story to be told exclusively by archaeologists.
- Egegik, AK is a small village of just over 100 inhabitants located in the north-east portion of the Alaskan Peninsula. The village of Egegik was established at the mouth of the Egegik River on the southern bank in the late 1800's.
Microsoft doesn't want Windows to be as fragmented as Android is. Development is so much easier when almost everyone is onel the newest OS.
Who Let the Dogs Out? Who Let the Dogs Out? "Who Let the Dogs Out?" is a song performed by the Bahamian group Baha Men, released as a single on July 26, 2000. Originally written by Anslem Douglas (titled "Doggie") for the Trinidad and Tobago Carnival season of 1998, it was covered by producer Jonathan King who sang it under the name Fat Jakk and his Pack of Pets. He brought the song to the attention of his friend Steve Greenberg, who then had the Baha Men cover the song. The song became the band's first hit in the United Kingdom and the United States,
Interstate Highway System Interstate Highway System Examplesnoun1. a network of U. S. highways connecting the 48 contiguous states and most of the cities with populations above 50,000, begun in the 1950s and estimated to carry about a fifth of the nation's traffic. Dictionary.com Unabridged Based on the Random House Dictionary, © Random House, Inc. 2018. Cite This Source Examples from the Web for Interstate Highway System Expand Contemporary Examples And in the 20th century, the federal government built the Interstate Highway System, without which, say, Walmart, could not exist. The Free-Market Cluelessness of Bitcoin Enthusiasts Daniel Gross March 7, 2014Eisenhower and Congress worked to enact the Interstate Highway System. Obama’s Nightmare: Reelected in 2012 but Republicans Take the Senate Thomas E. Cronin December 29, 2011Discover our greatest slideshows Six words that can ruin your...10 Of The Saddest Words (Or... The Oldest Words In The English...10 Words That Will Show Your Age Browse more topics on our blog What Is the Difference Between Discreet and Discrete? Learn the correct uses of these two commonly confused homophones. What Character Was Removed from the Alphabet? What mistaken pronunciation gave this character its name? Apostrophes 101This small mark has two primary uses: to signify possession or omitted letters. How Do I Get a Word into the Dictionary? People invent new words all the time, but which ones actually make it? 
Calcium Carbonate In swimming pools, calcium carbonate is normally added during routine pool water maintenance to increase pH, increase calcium hardness, maintain total alkalinity, and offset the acidic properties of disinfecting agents like chlorine or bromine.
To quote from the video:  > Thanks to the local geology, the river basically turns on its side, gouging out passages and tunnels in the rocks below. Those banks are actually overhangs: there isn't any riverbed just below the surface, it's a deep, boiling mass of fast and deadly currents. The river at this point is deep and full of rocks and tunnels. If you jumped in you would be carried away by the stream, have a hard time to keep afloat, and your body will bang against various rocks in the river. It's also very dangerous because it doesn't *look* dangerous. People jump over it thinking that the worst that can happen is that they'll get a little wet.
Review of 5 Modern Automation Test Tools for UI Selenium is the most popular open-source tool for Web UI automation testing. It is efficient and highly recommended for the automated testing of web applications. Selenium requires more basic programming skills, such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java/C#/Python, compared to other automation tools. It lets you write tests in your favourite standard languages.
How do I request a refund?
Alcorn State Makes History, Wins SWAC Title 38-24 BIRMINGHAM, Ala. – The Alcorn State University football team won its first Southwestern Athletic Conference Championship Game in program history Saturday, claiming its first league title since 1993 in storybook fashion at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas. Braves quarterback John Gibbs Jr.
How do the 3 types of RNA work together to complete Translation? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Science Biology Genetics How do the 3 types of RNA work together to complete Translation? Flag How do the 3 types of RNA work together to complete Translation? Edit Answer by Jshered Confidence votes 176In the first stage, m RNA copies instructions from the DNA in the nucleus of the cell. Then, the m RNA travels out to the cytoplasm, where it meets up with a ribosome (also called r RNA). The ribosome starts to "decode" the m RNA into a protein by bringing in t RNA molecules with the anticodons to match the codons on the m RNA. Each t RNA has an amino acid attached to the end, and when the codons and anticodons match up, this amino acid is released and attached to the growing chain. In the end, you have a twisted chain of amino acids, which we scientific people call a protein. :)2 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Afslim05 4 Contributions What are the 3 types of RNA? Messenger RNA (m RNA) # Ribosomal RNA (r RNA) # Transfer RNA (t RNA)Edit Bugsgoalie 574 Contributions The RNA that is translated into a polypeptide is what type of RNA? Messenger RNA (m RNA) is translated into polypeptides on ribosomes by transfer RNA (t RNA). Edit What are the 3 main types of RNA?•Messenger RNA (m RNA) •Ribosomal RNA (r RNA) •Transfer RNA (t RNA)Edit Rilerin23 329 Contributions What are the 3 types of RNA and what do they do?types of RNA: 1) Messenger RNA (m RNA) -carries information to ribosomes in cytoplasm -serve as "messengers" from DNA to the rest of the cell 2) Transport RNA (t RNA) …How do DNA and RNA work together? RNA is single-stranded while DNA is a double-stranded helix. RNA also has uracil as its base while the DNA base is thymine. However, even with the differences in their structu …Stevekim012 16,501 Contributions What type of RNA is involved in translation? All three major types of RNA (m RNA, t RNA, r RNA) are involved in translation. Edit Dana Edwards 62 Contributions What types of RNA are used in translation? In Translation, r RNA, t RNA, and m RNA are used. The m RNA strand of codons (3 nucleotide bases) enters the ribosome where the r RNA will "read it" (it is made up of r RNA). t RNAs …Reiza Aiz 144 Contributions What is the difference in the 3 types of RNA? As far as I can remember, the 3 types are m RNA, t RNA, and r RNA. m RNA is the short term for Messenger RNA. m RNA carries information for the ribosomes in cells. t RNA is short …The roles of 3 different types of RNA during translation? RNA (specifically m RNA in eukaryotes) serves as the template that the ribosomes read in order to make the protein. Each amino acid is encoded by three bases of RNA (called a c …Tim Mullican 2,269 Contributions3 types of RNA and the shape? The three types of RNA are m RNA, r RNA, and t RNA. Edit Enlil 11,195 Contributions What is the Latin translation of 'complete works'? The usual term is opera omnia, which is literally "all works". Edit What do translation and transcription work together to do? Make proteins. Edit Richard Reinard 137 Contributions Answered In Biology What RNA types is involved in protein translation?t RNA is involved in protein translation Edit Answered In Biology What type of RNA is called translator?m RNA is having codons, that are converted to amino acids by t RNA that carry anti-codons. the amoni acid sequence from t RNA is then translated to proteins by r RNA. So, translat …Danieltpe 324 Contributions Answered In Science What are the 3 types of RNA in science? There are many types of RNA however I believe your wanting the 3 that assist in cell reproduction and protein synthesis. Messenger RNA (m RNA) carries the code for protein in …Rhonda Pittman 203 Contributions Answered In Biology What are the 3 type of RNA and their jobs? Ribosomal RNA, r RNA, forms part of the ribosme. Transport RNA, t RNA, transports a specific amino acid to the ribosome. Messenger RNA, m RNA, carries the codon, message, from th …Meave Gilchrist 24,958 Contributions"Nothing in life is to be feared, it 
The mass damper is designed to *delay* the reaction to the forces moving the building. In an earthquake, let's assume the earth will try to move the building left, then right. During the leftwards movement, the ball won't move left as fast, but it will start to. Ideally, about the time the building stops moving left and starts moving right, the ball will be in full swing to the left. This is useful because the left-swinging ball will tend to *cancel out* the earthquake forces trying to move the building to the right. Of course, the ball can't store infinite amounts of kinetic energy, so eventually the ball will start to swing right again. But, hopefully that will happen right about the time the earthquake is moving the building to the left again. It's not perfect, but it can significantly reduce the dynamic stress on the building, allowing it to be constructed less expensively.
Inflammation of the pubic bone joint (osteitis pubis) Inflammation of the pubic bone joint (osteitis pubis)Diagnosis: INFLAMMATION OF THE PUBIC JOINT (Osteitis pubis)Anatomy: The pelvis consists of two halves joined at the back by the sacral bone (os sacrum) and at the front by the pubic joint (symphysis). The abdominal muscle (M rectus abdominis) if fastened on the pubic bone and the adductor muscles of the thigh (amongst others the M adductor longus) are fastened in the groin just below the pubic bone. Symphysis pubica PUBIC SYMPHYSISCause: occurs in the joint, whereby the joint can become loose so that the two halves of the pelvis can move slightly in relation to one another due to heavy loads. (In many areas the symptoms are the same as those seen in pregnant women with pelvic loosening). The inflammation is a warning that the training is too strenuous, and that if the load is not reduced a chronic condition with a significantly longer rehabilitation period may follow. Inflammation of the pubic joint is often preceded by long-term inflammation of the abdominal muscle fastening on the pubic bone and inflammation of the adductor muscle of the thigh. Inflammation of the pubic joint (osteitis pubis) is especially seen in sports characterised by activity with sprinting with sudden changes of direction (soccer, ice hockey). Symptoms: Pain around the pubic bone, the abdominal muscle fastening and in the groin. Aggravated with asymmetric loads (jumping on one leg). Acute treatment: Click here. Examination: Inflammation of the pubic bone joint is always an athletically serious condition that always requires medical examination. A normal medical examination is usually sufficient in order to make the diagnosis. Tenderness will often be present on the pubic bone joint (direct and indirect). The examination can be supplemented with X-ray, scintigraphy, MRI- and ultrasound scan. The diagnosis of groin pain can be particularly difficult (article)Treatment: Inflammation of the pubic bone joint is often the end stage of a poorly treated chronic overloading of the muscle fastenings on the pubic bone and the groin. In severe cases the rehabilitation period can be expected to last a year (and in the worst case render a return to sports an impossibility). It is therefore of the utmost importance that the treatment be started as soon as possible, without continuing the condition inducing sports activity. The treatment primarily consists of relief and subsequently slowly increasing training of the musculature around the pubic bone joint (stomach, groin), pelvis and loin. In case of lack of progress with rehabilitation, a medical treatment can be considered in the form of rheumatic medicine (NSAID) or the injection of corticosteroid around the inflamed tendon fastening or in the pubic bone joint (article). The injection can advantageously be ultrasound guided. Since the injection of corticosteroid always is part of a long-term rehabilitation of a very serious, chronic injury, it is decisively necessary, that the rehabilitation course stretches over several months to reduce the risk of relapse. A rehabilitation period of ½ - 1 year before maximum load in the form of maximal running with directional change is allowed is not unusual. Some have tried operating for this condition, which usually returns to normal when the load (sports activity) ceases (article). Particularly careful consideration should be made before accepting a surgical offer with the risks this entails, for a condition that does not threaten mobility nor health (article). Rehabilitation: INSTRUCTIONGENERAL STEP1 STEP2 STEP3 STEP4Complications: If progress is not smooth the correctness of the diagnosis should be considered. In particular, the following should be considered: Inflammation of the adductor muscle of the thigh Rupture of the adductor muscle of the thigh Fluid accumulation in the hip joint Degenerative arthritis in the hip joint Rupture of the superficial hip flexor (ruptura musculus rectus femoris)Rupture of the deep hip flexor (ruptura musculus iliopsoas)Outer snap
What is the age limit for using the service?
Arm Numbness Arm Numbness Numbness is a serious cause for concern. When an arm goes numb there could be a number of underlying conditions. Some are more serious than others, so it is important to note any accompanying symptoms. This will help you evaluate whether or not you require medical attention. Possible Causes of Arm Numbness Numbness in the hands can be caused by fractures in the arm. This is especially likely if the numbness is in the form of a tingling sensation that is accompanied by a sharp pain in the arm, collarbone, shoulder blade, or fingers. If you have fallen or otherwise been injured recently, this could be the underlying cause of numbness. Pulled muscles from heavy lifting often produce similar sensations. Similarly, nerve damage in the arm can cause numbness. This may include damage to the nerves in the arms, shoulder, neck, or spine. This could be the result of blood circulation being interrupted or a nerve becoming compressed. Some conditions such as diabetic neuropathy, injury or exposure to toxins can also contribute to nerve damage that would cause numbness. If you suffer from diabetic neuropathy you may be experiencing numbness elsewhere as well. When the numbness is closer to the wrists and joint in the arm, you may be suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome. This is caused by the ligaments swelling or becoming inflamed. Swelling, sharp pain in the joints, or tingling in the fingers may accompany this numbness. This sensation is much more common in your dominant hand than the other side of your body. Those who suffer from Raynaud's Syndrome frequently experience numbness in the arms. This numbness typically starts in the fingers and works its way up. Cold digits, discoloration, and shivering are commonly associated with this condition. Symptoms will often become worse and more agitated in cold temperatures and are significantly more common in women. A lack of proper nutrients in the body can lead to numbness. Vitamin B deficiencies often result in the left arm becoming numb, without the onset of pain or tingling that is often present with other conditions. Additionally, excessive alcohol intake can result in numbness. This numbness can include tingling or a simple loss of sensation rather than tightness or discomfort. Circulatory issues will often manifest themselves in numbness in the arms. Angina can cause numbness due to the lack of oxygen reaching the body. Symptoms of angina or heart attack include numbness in the hands, tingling or numbness in the left arm, pain in the shoulder, and severe chest pain. Similar numbness or tingling on one side of the body may be a sign that you are suffering a stroke. Dealing with Arm Numbness If you suspect that you are dealing with a broken bone or carpal tunnel syndrome, then you will need to have an X-ray to determine the extent of the damage. You doctor can then decide if you require a brace or cast to help manage your injury. Those suffering from nerve damage will need to have the injury evaluated to determine the proper treatment. Those suffering from Raynaud's Syndrome should keep their digits protected in cold weather. Your doctor will provide advice on how to address your condition based on the severity of your symptoms. Your doctor will probably advise you to avoid caffeine and smoking and cease the use of medications that tighten the blood vessels. Increasing your intake of Vitamin B and avoiding alcohol can also decrease numbness that may lead to discomfort, especially in the left arm. If you are concerned that your symptoms are those of a heart attack or stroke, then it is essential that you get medical attention as soon as possible. Contact emergency services. They may recommend that you take aspirin or perform exercises to keep the heart moving at a safe rate. After this episode subsides, your doctor will adjust your diet and medications to prevent further cardiovascular distress. Causes Symptoms Treatments Bone fracture Tingling sensation and sharp pain Cast or brace to allow healing Nerve damage Numbness or pain throughout the arm Treatment 
Postal Clause to political materials. The First Amendment thus provided a check on the Postal Power. Postal Clause Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, known as the Postal Clause or the Postal Power, empowers Congress "To establish Post Offices and post Roads". The Postal Clause was added to the Constitution to facilitate interstate communication as well as to create a source of revenue for the early United States. There were some early disagreements as to the boundaries of the Postal Power. John Jay, in a letter to George Washington, opined that the postal service should not be
Kibbutz Gur. The establishment of the Palmach underground army in 1942, which won the yishuv crucial military struggle against Palestinian Arabs from 30 November 1947 up to 15 May 1948 that made possible the establishment of the Israeli state, was due to efforts by Tabenkin and other Kibbutz Meuchad leaders. One of them, Yigal Allon and Kibbutz Artzi member Shimon Avidan were the two most important commanders who won the 1948 war, and numerous kibbutz members were Cabinet Ministers who largely shaped Israeli politics from 1955 to 1977. Kibbutz-born Ehud Barak was Prime Minister from 1999 to 2001, and David Ben-Gurion
Test computer RAM conditions and improve the performance
An SLS Free Toothpaste List 1 Most toothpastes contain Sodium Lauryl Sulfate which is a chemical used in toothpaste to create the foaming action. 2  SLS can cause or irritate existing allergies, canker sores and bad breath, which is why an SLS Free alternative is worth considering.
Initiate a call.
Where is Times Square located in New York City? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Travel & Places Countries, States, and Cities United States of America New York New York City Times Square Where is Times Square located in New York City? Flag Where is Times Square located in New York City? Answer by Lime Aid Confidence votes 52.2KTimes Square is located at West 42nd Street, between 7th Avenue and Broadway, in Manhattan. The general Times Square area consists of 7th Avenue and Broadway, from 41st to 47th Street. Times Square and the Times Square area are thus part of the Theatre District (also known as the Great White Way), which is Broadway and 7th Avenue from approximately 40th Street to 53rd Street.9 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Spelvin 814 Contributions Do they cut down Christmas trees for Times Square in New York City? Answer . Because they can.. ANSWER . The traditional and best known Christmas tree in New York City is not at Times Square but at Rockefeller Center. And yes, it is a "re …John Ellis Hartford 21,499 Contributions Is time square in New York? Yes, its at 42nd Street and Broadway. Tammytampers 9 Contributions Is Times Square New york a square? Times Square in New York is a popular tourist destination. A trip to the big apple isn't complete without a snapshot taken in the middle of the street, with big bright lights …What time zone is New York city located in? Eastern Standard Time. Square miles of New York City? New York City is 469 square miles. The city consists of fiveboroughs: Manhattan, Staten Island, the Bronx, Queens, and Harlem. 468.5 square miles. Lime Aid In which of New York City's boroughs is Times Square located? Times Square is in Manhattan. Nycguy10001 214 Contributions Did New York have a time square? New York HAS a Times Square. It is located at 42nd St between 7th Avenue & Broadway in Manhattan. However, the term "Times Square Area" is used to encompass the area fro …Lime Aid In which part of New York City is Times Square found? Times Square is in mid-Manhattan (as opposed to Upper or Lower Manhattan), sort of in the center, but a lot closer to the West Side. Times Square is sometimes considered to b …Lime Aid Is Times Square in the center of New York City? It's close to the center of Manhattan. The center of all of New York City would be somewhere in southwest Queens. What time is in in New York City? Whatever time it is in the Eastern Time Zone. What city is the New York Times located?in a city Pat Shea 3,370 Contributions Which airport is the closest to Times Square New York city? The closest airport to Times Square is La Guardia, located just across the East River in Queens. It is served by many commercial airlines and has fine bus service into Manhatta …Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In New York What are some of the popular attractions that are near Times Square in New York City? Some popular attractions that are located near Times Square in New York City include the Iridium Jazz Club, The Snapple Theater Center, and The Times Center. For a full list o …Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In New York Where is New Square New York located? New Square, New York is located in a town called Ramapo, Rockland County where not many people live. The areas sorrounding it is, Hillcrest, Viola,New Hempstead and New City., Linc Mad 332,237 Contributions Answered In New York City When was Times Square built in New York City? The location previously known as Longacre Square was renamed Times Square in 1904. Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In New York Where is the Discovery Times Square Exposition in New York New York located? The address of the Discovery Times Square Exposition is: 226 W 44Th St, New York, NY 10036Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions Answered In New York Where is the Times Square District Management Association in New York New York located? The address of the Times Square District Management Association is: , New York, NY 10036-1525 
I'm a bit confused by your question. By definition a rōnin does not have a master. If he did he wouldn't be a rōnin.
Bronchospasm Bronchospasm Definition Bronchospasm is an abnormal contraction of the smooth muscle of the bronchi, resulting in an acute narrowing and obstruction of the respiratory airway. A cough with generalized wheezing usually indicates this condition. Bronchospasm is a chief characteristic of asthma and bronchitis. Description Bronchospasm is a temporary narrowing of the bronchi (airways into the lungs) caused by contraction of the muscles in the lung walls, by inflammation of the lung lining, or by a combination of both. This contraction and relaxation is controlled by the autonomic nervous system. Contraction may also be caused by the release of substances during an allergic reaction. The most common cause of bronchospasm is asthma, though other causes include respiratory infection, chronic lung disease (including emphysema and chronic bronchitis), anaphylactic shock, or an allergic reaction to chemicals. The bronchial muscle goes into a state of tight contraction (bronchospasm), which narrows the diameter of the bronchus. The mucosa becomes swollen and inflamed which further reduces the bronchial diameter. In addition, bronchial glands produce excessive amounts of very sticky mucus which is difficult to cough out and which may form plugs in the bronchus, further obstructing the flow of air. When bronchi become obstructed, greater pressures are needed to push air through them in order to meet the body’s requirement for oxygen. This requires greatly increased muscular effort. Breathing during bronchospasm requires more effort than normal breathing. The excessive amounts of sticky mucus caught in the bronchi are highly irritating, and often trigger coughing. Causes Excessive bronchial irritability is the root of asthma. Asthmatic attacks in children can be caused by a number of triggers: Allergy. When foreign substances such as bacteria, viruses or toxic substances enter the body, one of the natural defenses is the formation of antibodies - molecules which combine with the foreign substances so as to render them harmless. This process is called immunity. Allergic children form protective antibodies just as do normal children. However, the allergic child forms other kinds of antibodies - which, rather than being protective, may actually do harm. The ones that commonly cause problems are animal dander, pollen, dusts, molds and foods. Inhalation of an allergen triggers bronchoconstriction. Exercise. This is a very common trigger for the symptoms in asthmatic children. This may take the form of obvious wheezing after exercise, or simply coughing. Emotions. Psychological stress may trigger symptoms but asthma is not a psychosomatic disease. Upper Respiratory Infections. When an asthmatic child has an upper respiratory infection, asthma may be triggered. Viral respiratory infections can provoke and alter asthmatic responses. Viral respiratory illnesses may produce their effect by causing epithelial damage, producing specific Immunoglobulin E (Ig E) antibodies directed against respiratory viral antigens and enhancing mediator release. Antibiotics are not usually helpful – either in clearing up the infection or in preventing bronchospasm. The best treatment of a cold is prevention through frequent handwashing. Irritants. There is a wide variety of substances which irritate the nose, throat or bronchi. Cigarette smoke is one of the most common, but dust, aerosol sprays, and strong odors may serve as irritants. Symptoms Cough is a major symptom, and may be a more important symptom than wheezing in some asthmatic children, especially infants and toddlers. Wheezing and tightness in the chest are also very common. Diagnosis Diagnosis is based upon the clinical exam in which wheezing, poor air flow and generalized signs of an asthma attack may be found. Chest x-ray may show little if any change from normal. Treatment Beta2-agonists relax airway smooth muscle and may modulate mediator release from mast cells and basophils. Beta-agonist inhalers (bronchodilators) act to ease symptoms of asthma by relaxing muscles surrounding the wa
List of coffee drinks The following is a list of beverages made from coffee. Please note that this list includes actual types of coffee drinks, not brand names or variations on a general type: Affogato. Americano. Bicerin. Breve. Café Bombón. Café au lait.
The content of the acts, particularly section 1 (1) of the amending act of 1938, shows the importance which was then attached to giving architects the responsibility of superintending or supervising the building works of local authorities (for housing and other projects), rather than persons professionally qualified only as municipal or other engineers. By the 1970s another issue had emerged affecting education for qualification and registration for practice as an architect, due to the obligation imposed on the United Kingdom and other European governments to comply with European Union Directives concerning mutual recognition of professional qualifications in favour of equal standards across borders, in furtherance of the policy for a single market of the European Union. This led to proposals for reconstituting ARCUK. Eventually, in the 1990s, before proceeding, the government issued a consultation paper "Reform of Architects Registration" (1994). The change of name to "Architects Registration Board" was one of the proposals which was later enacted in the Housing Grants, Construction and Regeneration Act 1996 and reenacted as the Architects Act 1997; another was the abolition of the ARCUK Board of Architectural Education.
. Question - How are PCH winners selected? Answer -At Publishers Clearing House our winner selection process is completely random and unbiased. All of our Giveaways and the handling of Super Prize numbers are governed by our Official Rules and under the Supervision of the PCH Board of Judges. How Are Publishers Clearing House Winners Selected? Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:000:350:00 / 0:35Live There are two methods we use: Matching Winning Number - Winning Super Prize numbers are selected at random. Publishers Clearing House does not know the winning number until giveaway end. Throughout the life of the sweepstakes, Publishers Clearing House assigns Super Prize numbers to outgoing Bulletins. Any one of the numbers assigned to you while the giveaway is going on could be the winning number. Random Drawings - A two-step process is used for random drawings. Incoming entries are prequalified either manually, by specially trained contest judges using raffle cages, or electronically using a computer. Then, on drawing day, all qualified entries are sequentially numbered and a bingo cage is used to randomly pick the winner. We have no way of determining, in advance, who our winners may be or where they may come from. Please visit the ' Contest Integrity ' section at the ' PCH Sweepstakes Information Center ' on pch.com to view helpful information regarding our Sweepstakes. 
Generalized eigenfunctions and spectral theory for strongly local
  Dirichlet forms
Allenhurst, Georgia Allenhurst, Georgia. Allenhurst is a town in Liberty County, Georgia, United States. It is a part of the Hinesville-Fort Stewart metropolitan statistical area. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 695. Geography.
- MexGrocer.com proudly brings all these different snacks for your enjoyment and to your door step. Some of the most popular snack brand includes names such as Lays, Rancheritos, Sabritones, Sabritas, Ruffles, Fritos, Cheetos, Doritos, Chesters, Frito Lays, Munchies, Takis, Barcel, Toreadas, Quezas, Bokados and more. The following list includes the top Snack companies, manufacturers and brands.
United States Seventh Fleet The Seventh Fleet is a numbered fleet (a military formation) of the United States Navy. It is headquartered at U.S. Fleet Activities Yokosuka, in Yokosuka, Japan, with some units based in Japan and South Korea. It is part of the United States Pacific Fleet.
Franz Ferdinand (band) Franz Ferdinand are a Scottish rock band, formed in 2002 and based in Glasgow. The band's original lineup was composed of Alex Kapranos (lead vocals and guitar, keyboard), Nick McCarthy (rhythm guitar, keyboards and backing vocals), Bob Hardy (bass guitar), and Paul Thomson (drums, percussion and backing vocals). Dino Bardot (guitar) and Julian Corrie (guitar, keyboards and synthesiser) are also currently members of the band. The band has been known for being one of the most popular post-punk revival bands, garnering multiple UK top 20 hits and selling over 3 million albums worldwide, as reported during late 2009. They have been nominated for several Grammy Awards and have received two Brit Awards—winning one for Best British Group, as well as one NME Award.
It seems that one of the largest reasons the Confederate states found themselves losing the war may be attributable to the fact that they lacked the industrialization that the North had. The South's economy was historically a crop culture (indigo, rice, cotton, etc…), and when the war hit, not much changed. Thus, while the North was able to ramp up their war-time and railroad manufacturing, the South had a much less complete transportation network. Had the South been able to shift towards manufacturing (and maybe this would have caused their economy to collapse??), maybe they would have been able to hold out longer or win.
What should be the strategies to study for 12th class CBSE boards?
The Promise (2016 film) The Promise is a 2016 American historical drama film directed by Terry George and starring Oscar Isaac , Charlotte Le Bon and Christian Bale , set in the final years of the Ottoman Empire . The film premiered on September 11 , 2016 , at the Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 21 , 2017 , by Open Road Films .   The Promise is about a love triangle that develops between Armenian medical student Mikael ( Isaac ) , an American journalist based in Paris named Chris ( Bale ) and an Armenian-born woman raised in France , Ana ( Le Bon ) , during the final years of the Ottoman Empire , and during the Armenian Genocide . The film was a box office bomb , grossing just $ 8 million against its $ 90 million budget , although the studio noted the main purpose of the film was to bring attention to the story , not make money .
Update a call.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Red Sox mailing list query
Prediction of possible exotic states in the $\eta \bar{K}K^*$ system
The blank track width is completely different. The reason why the DVD can store more information in the same physical size medium is because the tracks are thinner. This is because the DVD player uses a red laser while the CD player uses an infrared laser. The blank DVD isn't actually blank, it's actually has predetermined tracks and a bit of data that tells the drive what type of blank disk it is (single layer, dual layer, etc.) CD players cannot understand this, of course, since they aren't programmed to find it and because they don't have a red laser to read the data anyways.
Vaginal bleeding or spotting during pregnancy Home / Pregnancy / Pregnancy Pains & Discomforts / Aches & Pains Vaginal bleeding or spotting during pregnancy IN THIS ARTICLEIs it normal to have bleeding or spotting during pregnancy? How is spotting different from bleeding? What causes spotting or bleeding in early pregnancy? What causes bleeding in the second or third trimester? Can having sex or a pelvic exam cause spotting or bleeding during pregnancy? En español Reviewed by the Baby Center Medical Advisory Board Last updated: June 2017Is it normal to have bleeding or spotting during pregnancy? A little spotting or light bleeding during pregnancy is common, especially in early pregnancy. Around 1 in 4 pregnant women have some light bleeding very early in the first trimester. But even if the bleeding seems to have stopped, call your healthcare provider right away, just to make sure everything is okay. Spotting or light bleeding is probably from something minor, but it could also be a sign of a serious problem, such as an ectopic pregnancy, a miscarriage, or problems with the placenta. Your provider may want to do a thorough evaluation, which may include a physical exam, an ultrasound, and blood tests, to check how well you and your baby are doing and to rule out any complications. If you're actively bleeding or have severe pain and can't reach your provider immediately, head to the emergency room right away. How is spotting different from bleeding? Spotting is very light bleeding, similar to what you may have at the very beginning or end of your period. It can vary in color from pink to red to brown (the color of dried blood) and is usually just a few spots. Bleeding is heavy enough that you need to wear a panty liner or pad. What is implantation bleeding? An unanticipated problem was encountered, check back soon and try again Error Code: MEDIA_ERR_UNKNOWNSession ID: 2018-04-12:ea9be418b850d503618c77bc Player Element ID: body Video0OKImplantation bleeding is a very early sign of pregnancy. Learn to tell the difference between implantation bleeding and menstruation with Dr. Calhoun. See all videos What causes spotting or bleeding in early pregnancy? The most common causes of light spotting or bleeding during early pregnancy include: Implantation bleeding. Some women have spotting even before they know they're pregnant, about a week or so after they ovulate. It's called " implantation bleeding " because it happens when the fertilized egg burrows (or implants) into the blood-rich lining of the uterus, a process that starts just six days after fertilization. If you have a day or two of spotting in the week before your period is due, take a home pregnancy test. If the result is negative, wait a few days or a week. If your period doesn't start when you expect it, try testing again. Miscarriage. Spotting or bleeding in the first trimester, especially if accompanied by abdominal pain or cramping, can be an early sign of miscarriage. (About half of women who have bleeding early in their pregnancy miscarry.) But if you have an ultrasound that shows a normal heartbeat between 7 and 11 weeks, your chances of continuing the pregnancy are greater than 90 percent. Ectopic pregnancy. Bleeding also can be a sign of an ectopic pregnancy – when the embryo implants outside the uterus, usually in one of the fallopian tubes. Sometimes bleeding is the only sign, but other common symptoms include abdominal, pelvic, or shoulder pain. An ectopic pregnancy can be life-threatening, so let your provider know immediately if you have bleeding or pain in your first trimester. Infection. Spotting can also be caused by conditions unrelated to pregnancy. A vaginal infection (such as a yeast infection or bacterial vaginosis) or a sexually transmitted infection (such as trichomoniasis , gonorrhea , chlamydia, or herpes) can cause your cervix to become irritated or inflamed and vulnerable to bleeding. When should I call my doctor with a pregnancy concern? An unanticipated problem was encountered, check back soon and try again Error Code: MEDIA_ERR_UNKNOWNSes
How Long Does it Take to Get Your Tax Refund Back? How Long Does it Take to Get Your Tax Refund Back? A common question heard at tax time is "how long does it take to get my refund back?" Consumers, especially those struggling in tough economic times, look forward to the financial boost that a tax refund gives. The good news is that the IRS provides the necessary tools that make finding the status of a federal tax refund check just a mouse click away. With state refund checks however, it's a little trickier since you have to know which state agency controls the tax return process. In this article, we'll guide you through the IRS's guidelines for when how long the refund check should take, and review the proper channels for getting both federal and state tax fund questions answered. Federal Tax Refunds How you file your taxes, via either U. S. mail or electronic filing, dictates how long it normally takes to receive a refund. Filing a return through the mail is, of course, the slower of the two processes. For those who mail their federal return, the IRS will remit a tax refund within six weeks after they have been received the completed return. If you file electronically, you should receive your tax refund within three weeks. The IRS allows two options for receiving a federal tax refund: paper check sent via the mail, or an electronic funds transfer (also called a direct deposit). The direct deposit method, not surprisingly, is always the quicker option. The Federal 1040 form contains a section where consumers can opt for a direct deposit. If you want the IRS to electronically deposit your refund into more than one account you will need to file a separate form 8888. How to Check on Your Federal Tax Refund For anyone wanting to check the status of their tax refund, simply go to the IRS's Where's my refund webpage where you'll find an easy to use tool to request the information. If you would rather check the refund status by phone, you may call 1-800-829-1954. The IRS asks that you wait 3 days after filing electronically, or 3 weeks after mailing a return before checking for a status update. For those who file an amended return, however, the period to receive a refund check will take 8-12 weeks. For efilers (e.g., those who file electronically) here is a refund cycle chart that gives target dates when either an electronic direct deposit or mailed paper check should be expected given a particular filing date. Tips on Ensuring a Quick Refund By eliminating mistakes, consumers can ensure that their refund is received in as timely a fashion as possible. The most common mistakes, which can cause delays in receiving a refund, are listed below: Social security number missing or incorrect Incorrect tax result, given reported income and filing status, was entered Mathematical errors in figuring the taxable income, withholding and estimated tax payments, Earned Income Credit, Standard Deduction for age 65 or over or blind, the taxable amount of social security benefits, and child and dependent care credit Items entered on incorrect line, especially estimated tax and withholding General Math Errors State Tax Refund Process As you might expect, each state has its own specific agencies and rules that govern taxation processes. Many states have a Department of Revenue that deals with tax filings and returns, for other states it may be the Tax Commission, Department of Taxation, or some other similar named department. To check status on a state tax refund, find the state taxation agency for your particular state and go their website. Most state agencies, like the IRS, provide tools or resources for consumers to check on tax refund status. 
On 21 December 1941, the Partisans created the First Proletarian Brigade (commanded by Koča Popović) and on 1 March 1942, Tito created the Second Proletarian Brigade. In liberated territories, the Partisans organised People's Committees to act as civilian government. The Anti-Fascist Council of National Liberation of Yugoslavia (AVNOJ) convened in Bihać on 26–27 November 1942 and in Jajce on 29 November 1943. In the two sessions, the resistance representatives established the basis for post-war organisation of the country, deciding on a federation of the Yugoslav nations. In Jajce, a 67-member "presidency" was elected and established a nine-member National Committee of Liberation (five communist members) as a de facto provisional government. Tito was named President of the National Committee of Liberation.
Chow Chow Temperament: What's Good About 'Em, What's Bad About 'Em 1 Animal aggression. 2  With their fighting and hunting background, many Chow Chows are dominant or aggressive toward other dogs, especially those of the same sex. 3  Many have strong instincts to chase and seize cats and other fleeing creatures.
- The disease is caused by the yellow fever virus and is spread by the bite of the female mosquito. It infects only humans, other primates, and several species of mosquitoes. In cities, it is spread primarily by mosquitoes of the Aedes aegypti species.n most cases, symptoms include fever, chills, loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains particularly in the back, and headaches. Symptoms typically improve within five days. In some people within a day of improving, the fever comes back, abdominal pain occurs, and liver damage begins causing yellow skin.
Descartes' Theory of Ideas An idea is a mode of thinking. In being a mode of thinking, an idea is understood as a way of being (an instance of) thinking, or an idea is way in which an instance of thinking is manifested. This is similar to what Descartes says about a body, its principal attribute, and its modes.
Royal London Hospital The Royal London Hospital is a large teaching hospital in London, United Kingdom. It is part of Barts Health NHS Trust. The Royal London provides district general hospital services for the City and Tower Hamlets and specialist tertiary care services for patients from across London and elsewhere. It is also the base for London's Air Ambulance, operating out of a rooftop helipad. There are 675 beds, 110 wards and 26 operating theatres at the Royal London Hospital. The new building opened in February 2012.
History of QuickBooks History of Quick Books Some people who are considering using Quick Books might like to know the history of Quick Books, including when it was founded and its improvements. In 1998, Quick Books was launched by California-based Intuit. Quick Books was patterned after Quicken, a personal accounting package. Quick Books was intended to offer small business owners the flexibility of an easy-to-use software package and the structure and compliance that are needed to manage a profitable business. When Quick Books was launched, it quickly became popular among business owners who had little accounting experience. Many accountants thought that it lacked the security, an audit trail, and robustness that it needed. Some of those accountants requested those changes because some business owners used Quick Books for their daily accounting and paid professional accountants for quarter-end and/or year-end services. Intuit ensured that they improved Quick Books. In 2000, the software included audit trials, double entries, and other accounting-industry compliant items. Intuit developed packages that were tailored to the needs of specific industries, including contracting, retail, manufacturing, and not-for-profit. They later developed the Pro Series, which is designed for accounting professionals who work for many small businesses, at the same time. This information, about the history of Quick Books, should be helpful, for anyone, who wondered when it was created and how it was improved. Sansone & Associates, P. C. is known for guiding our clients through a full range of tax planning and preparation decisions to minimize tax liabilities. We pride ourselves on being available to play a major role in supporting your financial, record keeping, and tax planning issues. If there is anything, we can help you with, please schedule an appointment with one of our certified public accountants by calling 815-459-4300. 
The states will likely challenge this action in court and ask for a temporary injunction preventing the new.polcy from taking effect until the mater is resolved. So immediately? Pretty much nothing.
In October 1997, Nintendo released a redesigned model of the SNES (the SNS-101 model) in North America for US$99, which sometimes included the pack-in game Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island. Like the earlier redesign of the NES (the NES-101 model), the new model was slimmer and lighter than its predecessor, but it lacked S-Video and RGB output, and it was among the last major SNES-related releases in the region. A similarly redesigned Super Famicom Jr. was released in Japan at around the same time.
What's Happening In Valley Stream Valley Stream Long Island Your neighborhood guide to local news, events and info for Valley Stream, Long Island What's Happening In Valley Stream In Valley Stream News Events Businesses Restaurants Classifieds Photos Videos Resources Q & AWedding Vendors Night Life Nearby Towns Facts & Info#of Business: 61 Zip Code (s):11580, 11581, 11582, 11583 County: Nassau Lattitude: 40.6643 Longtitude: -73.7085Resources Valley Stream Businesses Valley Stream Events Valley Stream Nightlife Valley Stream Restaurants Valley Stream Weddings Valley Stream News Valley Stream PRValley Stream Videos Valley Stream Photos Valley Stream Classifieds Popular Activities Near Valley Stream Golf Parks Trails Billiards Casinos & Racetracks Popular Valley Stream Searches Charities Crisis Outreach Community Offices Post Offices Funeral Homes Fire Departments Retirement Homes Chambers of Commerce Education Libraries Environment Recycling Facilities Finance & Legal Lawyers Taxes Insurance Adjusters Estate Planning Food & Drinks Bakeries Seafood Stores Ice Cream Parlors Halloween Guide Haunted Houses Health & Wellness Hospitals Doctors Home Improvement Kitchen & Bath Roofing Home Services Plumbers Snow Removal Professional Services Marketing & Sales Consultants Recording Studios Real Estate Services Real Estate Attorney Shopping Computers Malls Maternity Transportation Bus Stations Gas Stations More Things To Do Browse All Categories 
How to Cook a Pork Roast Part 1 Prepare the Pork Roast1 Place the roast in the refrigerator to defrost, if it has been frozen. This can take 1 to 2 days depending upon the size of the roast.2 Remove the roast from the refrigerator when it is thawed. Place it on a plate for seasoning.3 Sprinkle a generous seasoning of salt and pepper on all surfaces of the roast. 
New .COMs just $11.99 *Reg. $14.99Search Welcome todaytonnursery.com Learn how you can get this domain »|See more domains like this »This Web page is parked FREE, courtesy of Go Daddy. Award-winning, 24/7 support We're here to help, day or night. Call (480) 505-8877. 
. Status of Ratification of the Kyoto Protocol The Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) was adopted at the third session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 3) in Kyoto, Japan, on 11 December 1997. In accordance with Article 24, it was open for signature from 16 March 1998 to 15 March 1999 at United Nations Headquarters, New York. By that date the Protocol had received 84 signatures. Pursuant to Article 22, the Protocol is subject to ratification, acceptance, approval or accession by Parties to the UNFCCC. Parties to the UNFCCC that have not signed the Protocol may accede to it at any time. The Protocol entered into force on 16 February 2005 in accordance with Article 23, that is the ninetieth day after the date on which not less than 55 Parties to the UNFCCC, incorporating Parties included in Annex I which accounted in total for at least 55 % of the total carbon dioxide emissions for 1990 of the Parties included in Annex I, have deposited their instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession. Currently, there are 192 Parties (191 States and 1 regional economic integration organization) to the Kyoto Protocol to the UNFCCC. The list below contains the latest information concerning dates of signature and receipt of instruments of ratification by the Secretary-General of the United Nations, as Depositary of the Kyoto Protocol. The dates in the third column are those of the receipt of the instrument of ratification, acceptance (A), approval (AA) or accession (a). (For an explanation of these legal terms, visit the United Nations Treaty Collection Glossary of terms relating to Treaty actions). Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change Kyoto, 11 December 1997Entry into force: 16 February 2005, in accordance with article 25 (1) in accordance with article 25 (3) which reads as follows: "For each State or regional economic integration organization that ratifies, accepts or approves this Protocol or accedes thereto after the conditions set out in paragraph 1 above for entry into force have been fulfilled, this Protocol shall enter into force on the ninetieth day following the date of deposit of its instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession". Registration: 16 February 2005, No. 30822. Status: Signatories: 83. Parties: 192 Note: The Protocol was adopted at the third session of the Conference of the Parties to the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (“the Convention”), held at Kyoto (Japan) from 1 to 11 December 1997. The Protocol shall be open for signature by States and regional economic integration organizations which are Parties to the Convention at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 16 March 1998 to 15 March 1999 in accordance with its article 24 (1). Participant Signature Ratification Acceptance (A) Accession (a) Approval (AA) Entry into force AFGHANISTAN25 March 2013 a23 June 2013ALBANIA 1 Apr 2005 a 30 Jun 2005ALGERIA 16 Feb 2005 a 17 May 2005ANGOLA 8 May 2007 a 6 Aug 2007ANTIGUA AND BARBUDA 16 Mar 1998 3 Nov 1998 16 Feb 2005ARGENTINA 16 Mar 1998 28 Sep 2001 16 Feb 2005ARMENIA 25 Apr 2003 a 16 Feb 2005AUSTRALIA* 29 Apr 1998 12 Dec 2007 11 Mar 2008AUSTRIA* 29 Apr 1998 31 May 2002 16 Feb 2005AZERBAIJAN 28 Sep 2000 a 16 Feb 2005BAHAMAS 9 Apr 1999 a 16 Feb 2005BAHRAIN 31 Jan 2006 a 1 May 2006BANGLADESH 22 Oct 2001 a 16 Feb 2005BARBADOS 7 Aug 2000 a 16 Feb 2005BELARUS* 26 Aug 2005 a 24 Nov 2005BELGIUM* 29 Apr 1998 31 May 2002 16 Feb 2005BELIZE 26 Sep 2003 a 16 Feb 2005BENIN 25 Feb 2002 a 16 Feb 2005BHUTAN 26 Aug 2002 a 16 Feb 2005BOLIVIA 9 Jul 1998 30 Nov 1999 16 Feb 2005BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA 16 Apr 2007 a 15 Jul 2007BOTSWANA 8 Aug 2003 a 16 Feb 2005BRAZIL 29 Apr 1998 23 Aug 2002 16 Feb 2005BRUNEI DARUSSALAM 20 Aug 2009 a 18 Nov 2009BULGARIA* 18 Sep 1998 15 Aug 2002 16 Feb 2005BURKINA FASO 31 Mar 2005 a 29 Jun 2005BURUNDI 18 Oct 2001 a 16 Feb 2005CABO VERDE 10 Feb 2006 a 11 May 2006CAMBODIA 22 Aug 2002 a 16 Feb 2005CAMEROON 28 Aug 2002 a 16 Feb 2005CANADA * [29 Apr 1998] [17 Dec 2002]16
. Support Centre About Us Ancestry.com.au Blog Site Map Visit our other sites:© 2006-2018 Ancestry Privacy Cookies Terms and Conditions Operated by Ancestry Ireland Unlimited Company 
Margo Hughes Margo Hughes Margo Hughes (née Montgomery) is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera "As the World Turns", a show about working life in the fictional town of Oakdale. She was first played by Margaret Colin, and then by Hillary B. Smith for six years. However the actress most recognized for the role is Ellen Dolan, who played the character from 1989 until 2010, with a break from January 1993 to June 1994. Margo's storylines often focus on family dramas and police matters. The character is portrayed as a stoic, hard-nosed, determined and level-headed character, who in later years
- A boneless, skinless chicken breast, weighing approximately 236 g, contains 270 calories. This makes up 13.5 percent of your total calories, based on a 2,000-calorie diet. Boneless, skinless chicken breasts are made up of 178 g water.Based on this, chicken breasts are over 75 percent water.Water is a calorie-free food, which helps to keep the total calorie content of chicken breasts low.alories. A boneless, skinless chicken breast, weighing approximately 236 g, contains 270 calories. This makes up 13.5 percent of your total calories, based on a 2,000-calorie diet. Boneless, skinless chicken breasts are made up of 178 g water. Based on this, chicken breasts are over 75 percent water.
My understanding is that it's such a basic, ancient word that it already existed in its various forms/tenses in every proto\-language before actual rules for verbs were worked out and practiced by educated folks.
Ayran Indian Dynasty (c.1500BC - 500BC) The Aryan people of India. The ancient Aryan dynasty began in 1200 BC when the Indo-Europeans migrated from central Asia into upper India, Iran, Russia, and parts of Europe.The Aryans brought new technology and innovations into India. This is important because it increased trade.They used a barter system rather than a monetary system.he Aryan people of India. The ancient Aryan dynasty began in 1200 BC when the Indo-Europeans migrated from central Asia into upper India, Iran, Russia, and parts of Europe.
Daniel Day-Lewis (1989), "There Will Be Blood" (2007), and "Lincoln" (2012), making him the only male actor in history to have three wins in the lead actor category, and one of only three male actors to win three Oscars. He was also nominated in this category for "In the Name of the Father" (1993), "Gangs of New York" (2002), and "Phantom Thread" (2017). He has also won four BAFTA Awards for Best Actor, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, and two Golden Globe Awards. In November 2012, "Time" named Day-Lewis the "World's Greatest Actor". Daniel Michael Blake Day-Lewis was born in Kensington, London,
Rock Band 4 Cymbal broken a week. What are my options?
None of the rocky planets are big enough to be have once been gas giant cores, and there's no evidence of the sort you describe. When we say that hot Jupiters are common, we mean that A, they're not as vanishingly rare as we once predicted; and B, that they're common in observed exoplanet systems, but this is due to a strong observation bias towards large, close-orbiting planets.
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
Lake Superior agate From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article relies largely or entirely on a single source. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please help improve this article by introducing citations to additional sources. (October 2017)A cabochon of Lake Superior agate The Lake Superior agate is a type of agate stained by iron and found on the shores of Lake Superior. Its wide distribution and iron-rich bands of color reflect the gemstone's geologic history in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan. In 1969 the Lake Superior agate was designated by the Minnesota Legislature as the official state gemstone. The Lake Superior agate was selected because the agate reflects many aspects of Minnesota. It was formed during lava eruptions that occurred in Minnesota about a billion years ago. [1] The stone's predominant red color comes from iron, a major Minnesota industrial mineral found extensively throughout the Iron Range region. Finally, the Lake Superior agate can be found in many regions of Minnesota as it was distributed by glacial movement across Minnesota 10,000 to 15,000 years ago. Contents [ hide ]1 Geologic history2 Description3 Cutting and polishing4 Distribution of Lake Superior agate5 References Geologic history [ edit]Lake Superior Agate - Duluth, Minnesota More than a billion years ago, the North American continent began to split apart along plate boundaries. Magma upwelled into iron-rich lava flows throughout the Midcontinent Rift System, including what is now the Minnesota Iron Range region. These flows are now exposed along the north and south shores of Lake Superior. The tectonic forces that attempted to pull the continent apart, and which left behind the lava flows, also created the Superior trough, a depressed region that became the basin of Lake Superior. The lava flows formed the conditions for creation of Lake Superior agates. As the lava solidified, water vapor and carbon dioxide trapped within the solidified flows formed a vesicular texture (literally millions of small bubbles). Later, groundwater transported ferric iron, silica, and other dissolved minerals passed through the trapped gas vesicles. These quartz-rich groundwater solutions deposited concentric bands of fine-grained quartz called chalcedony, or embedded agates. Over the next billion years, erosion exposed a number of the quartz-filled, banded vesicles—agates—were freed by running water and chemical disintegration of the lavas, since these vesicles were now harder than the lava rocks that contained them. The vast majority, however, remained lodged in the lava flows until the next major geologic event that changed them and Minnesota. During the ensuing ice ages a lobe of glacial ice, the Superior lobe, moved into Minnesota through the agate-filled Superior trough. The glacier picked up surface agates and transported them south. Its crushing action and cycle of freezing and thawing at its base also freed many agates from within the lava flows and transported them, too. The advancing glacier acted like an enormous rock tumbler, abrading, fracturing, and rough-polishing the agates. Description [ edit]Lake Superior Agate from the Lake Superior region in Northern Minnesota. The Lake Superior agate is noted for its rich red, orange, and yellow coloring. This color scheme is caused by the oxidation of iron. Iron leached from rocks provided the pigment that gives the gemstone its beautiful array of color. The concentration of iron and the amount of oxidation determine the color within or between an agate's bands. There can also be white, grey, black and tan strips of color as well. The gemstone comes in various sizes. The gas pockets in which the agates formed were primarily small, about 1 cm in diameter. A few Lake Superior agates have been found that are 22 cm in diameter with a mass exceeding 10 kilograms. Very large agates are extremely rare. The most common type of Lake Superior agate is the fortification agate with its eye-catching banding patterns. Each band, when traced around an exposed pattern or "
Glycogenesis Not to be confused with Gluconeogenesis or Glycogenolysis. Glycogenesis is the process of glycogen synthesis, in which glucose molecules are added to chains of glycogen for storage. This process is activated during rest periods following the Cori cycle, in the liver, and also activated by insulin in response to high glucose levels, for example after a carbohydrate -containing sweetie. Contents [ hide ]1 Steps2 Control and regulations2.1 Epinephrine (adrenaline)2.2 Insulin2.3 Calcium ions3 See also4 External links Steps [ edit]Glucose is converted into glucose-6-phosphate by the action of glucokinase or hexokinase .with conversion of ATP to ADPGlucose-6-phosphate is converted into glucose-1-phosphate by the action of phosphoglucomutase, passing through the obligatory intermediate glucose-1,6-bisphosphate. Glucose-1-phosphate is converted into UDP-glucose by the action of the enzyme UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase. Pyrophosphate is formed, which is later hydrolysed by pyrophosphatase into two phosphate molecules. The enzyme glycogenin is needed to create initial short glycogen chains, which are then lengthened and branched by the other enzymes of glycogenesis. Glycogenin, a homodimer, has a tyrosine residue on each subunit that serves as the anchor for the reducing end of glycogen. Initially, about eight UDP-glucose molecules are added to each tyrosine residue by glycogenin, forming α (1→4) bonds. Once a chain of eight glucose monomers is formed, glycogen synthase binds to the growing glycogen chain and adds UDP-glucose to the 4-hydroxyl group of the glucosyl residue on the non-reducing end of the glycogen chain, forming more α (1→4) bonds in the process. Branches are made by glycogen branching enzyme (also known as amylo-α (1:4)→α (1:6)transglycosylase), which transfers the end of the chain onto an earlier part via α-1:6 glycosidic bond, forming branches, which further grow by addition of more α-1:4 glycosidic units. [ show] Metabolism of common monosaccharides, including glycolysis, gluconeogenesis, glycogenesis and glycogenolysis Control and regulations [ edit]Glycogenesis responds to hormonal control. One of the main forms of control is the varied phosphorylation of glycogen synthase and glycogen phosphorylase. This is regulated by enzymes under the control of hormonal activity, which is in turn regulated by many factors. As such, there are many different possible effectors when compared to allosteric systems of regulation. Epinephrine (adrenaline) [ edit]See also: Epinephrine Glycogen phosphorylase is activated by phosphorylation, whereas glycogen synthase is inhibited. Glycogen phosphorylase is converted from its less active "b" form to an active "a" form by the enzyme phosphorylase kinase. This latter enzyme is itself activated by protein kinase A and deactivated by phosphoprotein phosphatase-1. Protein kinase A itself is activated by the hormone adrenaline. Epinephrine binds to a receptor protein that activates adenylate cyclase. The latter enzyme causes the formation of cyclic AMP from ATP; two molecules of cyclic AMP bind to the regulatory subunit of protein kinase A, which activates it allowing the catalytic subunit of protein kinase A to dissociate from the assembly and to phosphorylate other proteins. Returning to glycogen phosphorylase, the less active "b" form can itself be activated without the conformational change. 5'AMP acts as an allosteric activator, whereas ATP is an inhibitor, as already seen with phosphofructokinase control, helping to change the rate of flux in response to energy demand. Epinephrine not only activates glycogen phosphorylase but also inhibits glycogen synthase. This amplifies the effect of activating glycogen phosphorylase. This inhibition is achieved by a similar mechanism, as protein kinase A acts to phosphorylate the enzyme, which lowers activity. This is known as co-ordinate reciprocal control. Refer to glycolysis for further information of the regulation of glycogenesis. Insulin [ edit]See also: Insulin Insulin has an antagonistic effect to epinephrine signaling via 
. Welcome To New Life Medical Traditional & Natural Medicine ALL NEW AT HOME WELLNESS PROGRAM TREAT YOURSELF NATURALLY FROM HOMEWe here at new life medical have recognized that many of our patient contacts are simply too sick to travel for care or simply cannot afford in office treatments due to the fact that many of the alternative treatments are not covered by insurance. With years of knowledge and experience we would like to help many people with this horrible complex disease. Without your health, what have you? When you are sick you really have only two options, you can either sit back and watch your health deteriorate or you can become proactive. This at home wellness program was put together to become pro- active and only uses all natural nutrients, supplements, foods and products. This at home all natural treatment program was put together by Dr. David C. Korn to treat both he and his son Robert Korn for chronic Lyme disease and its many infections. This is very similar to a maintenance program a patient will receive after completing a full in office treatment program which will usually last eight weeks. This at home treatment protocol is not a diagnosis from a physician for Lyme disease and in no way should replace in office treatment but has been shown to be very effective against Lyme disease and many other infections. It is similar to a shot gun affect against sickness and disease. This program took years of research, study, and trail & error to put together, the treatment protocol is all natural and does not require a prescription. This at home wellness program will simply help to get you back on the right track to regaining your health. I Robert Korn have personally had unbelievable results with this program and I can thank fully say that I have regained my health and quality of life back. By following this all natural program i came back from the brink of a devastating Lyme disease case that I have probably had for the last 30 years that just erupted in my mid-twenties. For years I had no idea why I was so sick until my father Dr. David Korn discovered he had Lyme disease and then he tested me and I was positive. I also suffered from many other ailments such as fungal infections, chronic fatigue, allergies, stomach issues, tinnitus, dizziness, and sleeping disorders. I had dizziness so bad I would often feel a spinning sensation in my bed and I felt as if I was on a rocky boat. I had serious GERD and stomach issues , allergies so severe they were almost unbearable , could only wear cotton and had to take (Zyrtec) daily just to function - central nervous system issues - muscle twitches - cramps - pain - inflammation so bad it was painful - I am so happy now to be regaining my health - I use and have every product on this page and they have been the best investment I have ever made - I use them daily - the products last and are worth their weight in gold - I have had some of these products for over 7 years and would not trade them for the world - if you have a very advanced debilitating situation I would recommend full care plus this protocol - start something as soon as possible - if you believe your sickness to be a spiritual problem I recommend ( pastor David F. Middleton ) and here are some very positive up lifting scriptures the down loadable protocol will direct you to our products page which carries many of the supplements and products or will provide a direct link to purchase each product or supplement. For testimonies please visit or testimonies page for less than the cost of an office visit - priceless information to a sick person - this requires a life style change - and total consistency - a new way of living and a new routine if you want to get well - instead of going out and eating junk food you are going to eat organic - alot of this comes down to what you eat - you are what you eat and the toxicity you are taking in is overloading the body and making you more susceptible to sickness and disease if you have been diagnosed with lyme disease just know that it is known to double in size every thir
Bacterial meningitis Bacterial meningitis Intro Symptoms Types Causes Tests Prognosis Treatment Prevention Misdiagnosis Must Reads in Health Protecting Your Skin During Winter Watch: My Personal Psoriasis Journey Are You Getting The Best Cancer Care? Keeping An Active Lifestyle With COPDLiver Disease? Find a Doc Who Treats PBCAre You Allergic To Your Clothes? Why Psoriasis Treatments Can Fail Bacterial meningitis: Bacterial meningitis: Introduction Symptoms Causes Treatments Misdiagnosis Testing & Diagnosis Home Testing Types Deaths Complications Prognosis Videos Research Latest Treatments Statistics Stories from Users Full Contents list Bacterial meningitis: Introduction Bacterial meningitis is a serious, life-threatening disease that causes inflammation of the membranes (meninges) and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of the nervous system. The meninges and the CSF encase and protect the brain and spinal cord. Bacterial meningitis is caused by an infection of bacteria. The most serious form of bacterial meningitis is called acute bacterial meningitis. Acute bacterial meningitis develops within hours or days and can be rapidly fatal or lead to serious, permanent complications if not recognized and treated immediately. A common type of acute bacterial meningitis is caused by the bacterium Neisseria meningitidis. This type of acute bacterial meningitis is called meningococcal disease. Meningococcal disease can cause outbreaks of meningitis in places with crowded living conditions, such as in college dormitories or on military bases. Other causes of bacterial meningitis include the bacteria Streptococcus pneumonia, Haemophilus influenza. Group B streptococci, Enterobacteriaceae, and Listeria monocytogenes. The bacteria that cause bacterial meningitis are carried by humans in the nose and throat and are spread into the air by coughing and/or sneezing. Once these bacteria are airborne, they can be picked up by anyone who breathes them into their respiratory tract. The pathogens then spread from the respiratory tract to the blood stream and to the nervous system and cause bacterial meningitis. Symptoms of bacterial meningitis include a high fever and stiff neck. Complications of bacterial meningitis include permanent damage to the nervous system. For more information about additional important symptoms and complications, refer to symptoms of bacterial meningitis. Making a diagnosis of bacterial meningitis begins with taking a thorough personal and family medical history, including symptoms, and completing a physical examination. Diagnostic tests include a lumbar puncture, also called a spinal tap, which involves withdrawing a small sample of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from the spine with a needle. The sample of CSF is tested for white blood cells and other indications of bacterial meningitis. A complete blood count (CBC) is also performed is measure the numbers of different types of blood cells, including white blood cells (WBCs). Different types of WBCs increase in number in characteristic ways during an infectious process, such as bacterial meningitis. Additional tests may be performed in order to rule out or confirm other diseases that may accompany bacterial meningitis or cause similar symptoms, such as high fever, headache, and neck stiffness. These may include a throat culture, CT, or X-rays. It is possible that a diagnosis of bacterial meningitis can be missed or delayed because some symptoms are similar to symptoms of other diseases. For more information about diseases that can mimic bacterial meningitis, refer to misdiagnosis of bacterial meningitis. Treatment of bacterial meningitis includes hospitalization, generally in an intensive care setting. For more details about treatment, refer to treatment of bacterial meningitis. ... more »Bacterial meningitis: A bacterial infection which results in inflammation of the meninges of the brain. The meninges are the membranes that cover the brain and spinal cord. Serious cases can result in brain damage or even death. The condition most commonly affects young children. ... more »Bacte
Nothing. You can take advantage of this loophole.  In addition, if you happen to know that a multi-stop flight that stops at your desired city costs less, then you can book it and simply not board the follow on plane.  Both of these take a little homework, but I've done it before.
Fresno, CA Lowest Regular Gas Prices Click Here to See Our Quarterly Cash Prize Drawing Winners!Fresno, CA Lowest Regular Gas Prices Fresno, CA Gas Prices By Zip Code: • 93650 • 93701 • 93702 • 93703 • 93704 • 93705 • 93706 • 93707 • 93708 • 93709 • Show All »Nearby Cities: • Biola,CA • Burrel,CA • Caruthers,CA • Clovis,CA • Del Rey,CA • Fowler,CA • Friant,CA • Helm,CA • Kerman,CA • Kingsburg,CA • Laton,CA • Show All »U. S. Average Regular Gas Price Crude Oil Futures$2.69 $64.94Fresno, CA Regular Gas Price Average: $3.35 Lowest: $2.99 Highest: $3.89Regular Midgrade Premium Diesel Station Map Updated Price Quick Mart 2329 N 1st St @Clinton Ave Fresno, CA 93703 yesterday$2.99update Shell 6639 N Parkway Dr @Herndon & SR-99 x143 Fresno, CA 93722 yesterday$3.07update Costco 4410 W Shaw Ave N Blythe Ave Fresno, CA 93786 9 hours ago$3.07update ARCO 2590 S Cherry Ave Jensen Ave Fresno, CA 93706 yesterday$3.09update W Food & Liquor 4202 E Kings Canyon Rd S Cedar Ave Fresno, CA 93702 2 days ago$3.10update Fastrip 3793 N Hughes Ave @W Dakota Ave Fresno, CA 93705 8 hours ago$3.11update Valero 3787 5783 N Palm Ave @Bullard Fresno, CA 93704 17 hours ago$3.13update Valero 6381 6390 N Blackstone Ave @Sierra Fresno, CA 93710 15 hours ago$3.13update United Food & Gas 1930 W Clinton Ave @Weber Ave Fresno, CA 93705 16 hours ago$3.13update Arco ampm 6020 N Blackstone Ave @Bullard Ave Fresno, CA 93710 yesterday$3.13update Arco 6375 N Blackstone Ave @W Sierra Ave Fresno, CA 93710 15 hours ago$3.13update Arco - ampm 4897 E Kings Canyon Rd @Winery Ave Fresno, CA 93727 yesterday$3.13update Costco 7100 N Abby St E Spruce Ave Fresno, CA 93720 yesterday$3.13update Valero - Circle 6 4594 E Tulare St @S Maple Ave Fresno, CA 93702 yesterday$3.15update Arco - Am Pm 4210 E Butler Ave @Cedar Ave Fresno, CA 93702 yesterday$3.15update Valero 4514 W Shaw Ave @Jennifer Fresno, CA 93722 yesterday$3.15update76 1135 N Parkway Dr Fresno, CA 93728 yesterday$3.15update Valero - R & S Mini Mart 234 1334 N 1st St Fresno, CA 93703 yesterday$3.15update R M Parks Inc 4205 E Olive Ave Fresno, CA 93702 15 hours ago$3.15update Arco 5687 E Kings Canyon Rd @Phillip Ave Fresno, CA 93727 13 hours ago$3.15update Page 1 of 6 Next 20 Last Fresno, CA Lowest Regular Gas Prices Summary There are 116 Regular gas price reports in the past 5 days in Fresno, CA. The average Regular gas price in Fresno, CA is $3.35, which is $0.66 higher than U. S. national average Regular gas price $2.69. The lowest Regular gas price is $2.99 of Quick Mart located at 2329 N 1st St, Fresno, CA 93703 . The highest Regular gas price is $3.89 of Chevron - Johnny Quik located at 3018 W Clinton Ave, Fresno, CA 93722. 
When Does Conception Occur After Having Sex? Healthy sperm can reach the egg in as little as thirty minutes. Once inside the female’s body, sperm can live for several days. Females don’t get pregnant immediately after having intercourse. It will take up to 6 days for the sperm and egg to join together and make a fertilized egg. Then it still takes 6-10 days for the fertilized egg to implant itself in the lining of the uterus completely.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
I present to you: A video of the World Freehand Circle Drawing [Champion](_URL_0_)
Internet Explorer, on the other hand, was bundled free with the Windows operating system (and was also downloadable free), and therefore it was funded partly by the sales of Windows to computer manufacturers and direct to users. Internet Explorer also used to be available for the Mac. It is likely that releasing IE for the Mac was part of Microsoft's overall strategy to fight threats to its quasi-monopoly platform dominance - threats such as web standards and Java - by making some web developers, or at least their managers, assume that there was "no need" to develop for anything other than Internet Explorer. In this respect, IE may have contributed to Windows and Microsoft applications sales in another way, through "lock-in" to Microsoft's browser.
Parents Say Kids Tested Too Much 4236946. A new survey of American parents indicates that many think schools place too much emphasis on standardized tests. A plurality of U.S. adults, 36 percent, think that the amount of time spent on standardized tests in education is “too high.” The number for parents with school-age children is even higher.n fact, few things seem to unify American public opinion like support for charter schools and voucher programs. Not only did a 61 percent of U.S. adults support charter schools, but every single subgroup tracked by the poll did as well.
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
Echoing what /u/mc_security has said, the Central Powers 'defeated' Russia through various means, the most obvious of which was sending Lenin and many of his comrades to Russia after the February Revolution, to destabilize the new Republic. Russia was ripe for internal collapse, suffering from economic difficulties, a failure of it's war effort, and poor political leadership. The campaigns of 1915-16 had gutted the Russian Army, so there was little serious resistance. When the Central Powers completed their victory with Operation Faustschlag in March 1918, they never actually made into European Russia proper, but this was enough to force the Bolsheviks to accept Brest-Litovsk. It's still worth noting that the Eastern Front was a Pyrrhic victory, given that it laid the seeds for the collapse of Austria-Hungary.
Lynne Frederick Lynne Frederick Lynne Maria Frederick (25 July 195427 April 1994) was an English film actress, known for her classical “English rose” beauty and delicate, “fairytale princess” features. In a career spanning ten years she made about thirty films or television drama appearances, but she is best remembered as the last wife and widow of Peter Sellers. She was married twice after his death. Frederick was born in Hillingdon, Middlesex to Andrew Frederick (1914–1983) and Iris C. (née Sullivan) Frederick (1928–2006). Her mother became a casting director for Thames Television. Lynne's parents separated when she was two years old, and she
The Earth's Moon The Earth's Moon To introduce concepts of astronomy, it is often best to start with actual observing projects to engage the student/pupil in visualizing the solar system that the earth is a part of. The most obvious starting place for this is to look at what causes our days and nights (the earth rotating on its axis once every 24 hours from west toward the east, so that the sun appears to rise in the east and set in the west), and therefore look at both the sun and the moon. The moon's apparent motion on the sky. The moon also rises in the east and sets in the west (as do the planets, comets, and the stars), but the moon varies quite a bit in rising and setting times (with respect to the sun) because the moon is also orbiting the earth (making a complete circuit around the earth in just under a month). One can see the moon's movement across the sky in only minutes when it is near the horizon (rising or setting), and noticeably over the course of an hour when it is higher in the sky -- as the earth is turning on its axis. It takes the moon about 29.5 days to go from new moon to new moon -- the time that the moon is closest to the sun in the sky. When the moon is closest to the sun, it is invisible from the ground -- lost in the sun's glare, with our looking at the dark side of the moon (the sunlit part facing toward the sun and away from us. As the moon moves eastward around 13 to 15 degrees per day in the sky in its orbit about the earth (there are 360 degrees around the whole sky for it to complete its orbit in 27.3 days), it moves with respect to the background stars noticeably each day, causing it to rise nearly an hour later each day/night when compared to the previous day/night. Note that the moon is bright enough to be visible in broad daylight through most of its orbit around the earth. Lunar phases. The motion of the moon around the earth over a month permits us to view the moon from different angles with respect to the sun. As it emerges from the sun's glare in the evening sky after new moon, it appears for a few days as a crescent moon. After about a week, it reaches "first quarter" phase, where it appears half lit (the other half that is lit is facing out into space, away from the earth). After yet another week, the moon comes to "opposition", where it is opposite the sun in the sky, so that we see it fully lit ("full moon"); the moon is up all night long around full moon. After that, as it moves into the morning sky, less and less of the moon appears lit as each day/night passes, so that about a week after full moon, it reaches half-lit phase again (called "last quarter" moon). And a week after that, it has made full-circle to reach new moon again, after passing through several days of appearing as a crescent moon in the morning sky. Good diagrams that show lunar phases with respect to the moon's position with respect to the earth and the sun in space can be viewed by clicking on the links here and here. A list of dates of lunar phases for the years 2001-2025 is given at this NASA website. Eclipses. Also, the moon's orbit is inclined with respect to the earth's orbit about the sun, so that only occasionally (a couple of times a year) is the moon exactly lined up in space with the sun and the earth; when this happens, an eclipse occurs. A solar eclipse happens at new moon, when the moon crosses in front of the sun (with the moon appearing black because of the relative brightness of the sun). A lunar eclipse happens at full moon, when the earth passes between the moon and the sun (and so the earth's shadow is cast onto the moon's surface, and we see the moon getting darker and then brighter again over a couple of hours). A list of lunar eclipses observable for the years 2008-2015 is given at this NASA website. The moon close-up. The moon appears uneven in shading and texture to the naked eye. With binoculars, mountains and craters become visible; the moon has no atmosphere, so no clouds to hide its surface. The larger the optical instrument (telescopes), the more detail on the lunar surface tha
Julie Mayer (Desperate Housewives) Julie Mayer (Desperate Housewives) Julie Mayer is a fictional character on the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives". The character is played by actress Andrea Bowen, and first appeared in the pilot episode of the series in 2004. She is the daughter of Susan Delfino (Teri Hatcher) and Karl Mayer (Richard Burgi). They share custody of Julie, though she lives primarily with Susan. Julie is characterized as "bright and self-sufficient and extremely mature for her age." She often acts as the parental figure in her relationship with Susan, especially following Susan's divorce from Karl. However, since the 6th season, Julie's personality
Tim Rice Sir Timothy Miles Bindon `` Tim '' Rice ( born 10 November 1944 ) is an English author and Academy Award , Golden Globe Award , Tony Award , and Grammy Award-winning lyricist . He is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber , with whom he wrote Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat , Jesus Christ Superstar , and Evita ; with Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson of ABBA , with whom he wrote Chess ; for additional songs for the 2011 West End revival of The Wizard of Oz ; and for his work for Walt Disney Studios with Alan Menken ( Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , King David ) , Elton John ( The Lion King , Aida , The Road to El Dorado ) and Ennio Morricone .   One of the most celebrated lyricists in British popular culture , Rice was knighted by Elizabeth II for services to music in 1994 . He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , is an inductee into the Songwriter 's Hall of Fame , is a Disney Legend recipient , and is a fellow of the British Academy of Songwriters , Composers and Authors . The 2016 Sunday Times Rich List values Rice at # 150m ; the 15th richest music millionaire in the UK .
Light won't slow down because it is near a black hole, but the gravity of the black hole will bend its path, and if the light is close enough it can have its path bent to the point where it can't possibly escape (the point where this happens is called the "event horizon"). The only thing about a black hole which could slow down light is the fact that black holes draw in a lot of matter and thus often have big disks of gas and dust in a degenerate orbit around them, and light passing through this can have its transmission rate slowed just like going through any other matter.
- Thread the pendant onto the leather cord and position it in the center of the cord. Make a loop in the cord on one side of the pendant. Pass the loose end of that side into the loop and pull the knot tight. Repeat this on the cord on the other side of the pendant to secure it in place.
- The amount of fluid a child needs depends on many factors including their age, their gender, the weather and how much physical activity they do, but generally they should aim to drink about 6-8 glasses of fluid per day (on top of the water provided by food in their diet).
On March 3, 1944, on the orders of Stalin, the Chechen-Ingush ASSR was disbanded and its population forcibly deported upon the accusations of collaboration with the invaders and separatism. The territory of the ASSR was divided between other administrative unit of Russian SFSR and the Georgian SSR.
This is true. The cooling system stops circulating fluid, and also stops pulling air through the radiator to extract heat (though many newer vehicles will have an electric fan that may continue to operate after the ignition is shut off specifically to address this issue). As such, the engine compartment becomes an oven with no airflow and no circulation. The oil is no longer circulating and the coolant is no longer flowing through the engine to evacuate the heat, and until sufficient time has elapsed for the fluids and materials to radiate heat there will be a short window during which no heat is being produced but engine temperature rises because of a lack of cooling. It's the same principle as a cauldron: Even though the fire may die down a bit underneath the cauldron, the contents inside may still heat for a while as the heat stored in the surrounding material is transferred into the contained liquid.
Houston Houston ( -LSB- ˈhjuːstən -RSB- ) is the most populous city in the state of Texas and the fourth-most populous city in the United States . With a census-estimated 2014 population of 2.239 million within an area of 667 sqmi , it is also the largest city in the southern United States and the seat of Harris County . Located in Southeast Texas near the Gulf of Mexico , it is the principal city of the Greater Houston metro area , which is the fifth-most populated MSA in the United States .   Houston was founded on August 28 , 1836 , near the banks of Buffalo Bayou ( now known as Allen 's Landing ) and incorporated as a city on June 5 , 1837 . The city was named after former General Sam Houston , who was president of the Republic of Texas and had commanded and won at the Battle of San Jacinto 25 mi east of where the city was established . The burgeoning port and railroad industry , combined with oil discovery in 1901 , has induced continual surges in the city 's population . In the mid-20th century , Houston became the home of the Texas Medical Center -- the world 's largest concentration of healthcare and research institutions -- and NASA 's Johnson Space Center , where the Mission Control Center is located .   Houston 's economy has a broad industrial base in energy , manufacturing , aeronautics , and transportation . Leading in health care sectors and building oilfield equipment , outside of New York City , Houston has more Fortune 500 headquarters than any other U.S. municipality within its city limits . The Port of Houston ranks first in the United States in international waterborne tonnage handled and second in total cargo tonnage handled . Nicknamed the `` Space City '' , Houston is a global city , with strengths in business , international trade , entertainment , culture , media , fashion , science , sports , technology , education , medicine , and research . The city has a population from various ethnic and religious backgrounds and a large and growing international community . Houston is the most diverse city in Texas and has been described as the most racially and ethnically diverse major metropolis in the U.S. . It is home to many cultural institutions and exhibits , which attract more than 7 million visitors a year to the Museum District . Houston has an active visual and performing arts scene in the Theater District and offers year-round resident companies in all major performing arts .
- Introduction. Forging is the process by which metal is heated and is shaped by plastic deformation by suitably applying compressive force. Usually the compressive force is in the form of hammer blows using a power hammer or a press. Forging refines the grain structure and improves physical properties of the metal.hysical properties (such as strength, ductility and toughness) are much better in a forging than in the base metal, which has, crystals randomly oriented. Forgings are consistent from piece to piece, without any of the porosity, voids, inclusions and other defects.
What Does Low Phosphorus Mean? Written by Jill Corleone, RDN, LD; Updated March 15, 2018Related Articles The Five Foods Highest in Phosphorus What Is the Main Function of Phosphorus in the Body? How to Increase Phosphorus What Is Phosphorus Good For? Going to the lab to have your blood drawn may anxiety-provoking. But then being told that one of your tests came back abnormal may be a bit more distressing. Phosphorus is the second most abundant mineral in the body, following calcium. And like calcium, it plays an important role in bone health, as well as supporting both kidney and nerve function. A low phosphorus could mean a number of things. If your phosphorus levels are low, consult with your doctor for a diagnosis and proper treatment. What Low Phosphorus Might Mean Checking a phosphorus level isn’t usually part of the normal blood work that coincides with your annual physical. It’s usually checked when your calcium levels are abnormal or you’re experiencing symptoms associated with low calcium, such as muscle cramping, fatigue or bone abnormalities. A low phosphorus has many possible causes, including hypercalcemia related to hyperparathyroidism, alcoholism, malnutrition, hypothyroidism, overuse of diuretics, rickets or osteomalacia. Low blood phosphorus is also associated with liver disease and kidney failure. On the other hand, some kidney problems can lead to too much potassium in the blood. Some medications may interfere with phosphorus absorption. Overall, the best course of treatment for low blood phosphorus depends on the cause and should always be directed by your doctor. Foods High in Phosphorus While it’s important to manage your low phosphorus based on doctor’s orders, adding high phosphorus foods may be recommended. For the record, low phosphorus due to nutritional deficiency is extremely rare because phosphorus is found in a wide variety of foods. Foods especially high in the bone-building nutrient include chocolate, milk, cheese, sardines and oysters. That being said, all protein foods, including meat, poultry, seafood and eggs, contain some amount of phosphorus. You can also get phosphorus from whole grains, beans and nuts, but it isn’t as easily absorbed. If your doctor says you need to eat more dietary phosphorus, there are lots of ways to get it. Cereal and milk or eggs and whole-wheat toast make a perfect high-phosphorus breakfast. At lunch, you can get phosphorus from your protein, whether it’s chicken in a sandwich, beans on a salad or yogurt as a side. High-phosphorus dinner options might include whole-grain spaghetti with meatballs, a bean burrito or grilled salmon. A Word About Soda and Processed Foods When dealing with any medical condition, it’s always a good idea to include the most nutritious food options possible. Soda and processed foods are also high in phosphorus, but these types of foods are also devoid of any nutritional value. While your goal may be to up your phosphorus levels, drinking soda and eating fast food isn’t the healthiest way to go. There’s also concern that these types of foods may lead to an excessive intake of phosphorus. References (4)Lab Tests Online: Phosphorus Medline Plus: Phosphorus Blood Test Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: What is Phosphorus? National Kidney Foundation: Phosphorus and Your CKD Diet About the Author Jill Corleone is a registered dietitian and health coach who has been writing and lecturing on diet and health for more than 15 years. Her work has been featured on the Huffington Post, Diabetes Self-Management and in the book "Noninvasive Mechanical Ventilation," edited by John R. Bach, M. D. Corleone holds a Bachelor of Science in nutrition. Photo Creditsmilk image by Sergey Goruppa from Fotolia.com Cite this Article 
Black Panther (film) Black Panther (film) Black Panther is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the eighteenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is directed by Ryan Coogler, who co-wrote the screenplay with Joe Robert Cole, and stars Chadwick Boseman as T'Challa / Black Panther, alongside Michael B. Jordan, Lupita Nyong'o, Danai Gurira, Martin Freeman, Daniel Kaluuya, Letitia Wright, Winston Duke, Angela Bassett, Forest Whitaker, and Andy Serkis. In "Black Panther", T'Challa is crowned king of Wakanda
The inside of the ten most high power, operating reactors.
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
Concertino (Janáček) The Concertino for piano, two violins, viola, clarinet, French horn and bassoon is a composition by the Czech composer Leoš Janáček.
New York Communist The New York Communist was a short-lived weekly newspaper issued by the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party of Local Greater New York, encompassing the New York City metro area. The paper was edited by the renowned radical journalist and war correspondent John Reed. Only 10 issues of the paper were produced during 1919 before the publication was absorbed by "The Revolutionary Age" following the Left Wing National Conference of June 1919.
The air around the Earth is moving along with it, and if you levitated, you would be suspended in this fluid (air). Think about an air freshener in a car: Once the car is on the highway *and not accelerating* , the freshener hangs from the mirror, it is not being pulled to the back of the car. This is because the air in the car is moving forward at the same rate as the car, and thus pushes the air freshener forward too.  EDIT: I was unclear, by "Once the car is on the highway" I meant "moving at a constant speed with 0 assumed acceleration". Also, it depends on the method in which the person is being levitated. If you assume gravity disappears, the person would fly gradually off into space, no longer kept in "orbit" by centripetal forces created by gravity. They would continue along a trajectory tangent to the Earth's orbit If the levitation is merely an equal reaction in the opposite direction of gravity, a person would be affixed to a point in the atmosphere, in something you could almost call an orbit.
This comment is not toxic.
I'm a business law student, so medical stuff isn't really my specialty. I'll share with you what I know though. First, as to the legality, I'm not aware of anything making it illegal for them to consider their business with you concluded. Absent any contract between you and the doctor, it seems to me that you agreed to pay them in cash. If I was the business, I'd assume our business had been concluded as well. As for any contracts between the insurance company and the doctor's office, as far as I know, that's between them. That wouldn't give you standing to sue the doctor. I'm unfamiliar with a patient submitting insurance claims, but if that's something you are allowed to do with your insurance company and all you need is more information, submit a request for your medical records to the doctor. Under United States law, your medical records are yours. You have a right to receive a copy of them. Keep in mind though that the doctor's office may charge you a small copying fee to cover expenses they incur while making a copy for you. As far as complaining, I would suggest your local Better Business Bureau. Each state generally has a medical board which oversees doctors. You might lodge a complaint with them as well. I hope this helps. Keep in mind that I'm not an attorney. This is not legal advice. This is only what I personally would do if I were in your situation. You can and should consult an attorney who is licensed to practice law in your particular jurisdiction.
Does the mass of a black hole decrease due to the accretion of phantom
  energy
Requirements to Apply for a Real Estate Broker License Requirements to Apply for a Real Estate Broker License. To obtain a real estate broker license, you must first qualify for and pass a written examination. Those who pass the examination are provided a license application which must be submitted to and approved by the CalBRE.pplicants for a real estate broker license examination must have successfully completed the following eight statutorily required college-level courses: 1  Real Estate Practice; and. 2  Legal Aspects of Real Estate; and.
Field-induced XY behavior in the S=1/2 antiferromagnet on the square
  lattice
How to Become a College President A future college president can earn a bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degree in any field they are interested in, as they will likely be spending the first portion of their career working as a professor, completing research and working directly with students.
The emotion expressed in this message is anger.
Panama Canal and May 2016. The expanded canal began commercial operation on June 26, 2016. The new locks allow transit of larger, post-Panamax ships, capable of handling more cargo. France began work on the canal in 1881, but stopped due to engineering problems and a high worker mortality rate. The United States took over the project in 1904 and opened the canal on August 15, 1914. One of the largest and most difficult engineering projects ever undertaken, the Panama Canal shortcut greatly reduced the time for ships to travel between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, enabling them to avoid the lengthy, hazardous
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
This comment is not toxic.
ICD-10-CM Code E80.7Disorder of bilirubin metabolism, unspecified | ICD-10 from 2011 - 2016. E80.7 is a billable ICD code used to specify a diagnosis of disorder of bilirubin metabolism, unspecified. A 'billable code' is detailed enough to be used to specify a medical diagnosis. Inborn errors of metabolism form a large class of genetic diseases involving congenital disorders of metabolism.
What His Body Language Means Stroking or smoothing his tie or lapel. This is another preening gesture, and it means he is trying to look his best for you. Similar to running his fingers through his hair, this type of body language signifies that he wants you to find him attractive. Standing with his hands on his hips.
Giannina Facio Giannina Facio Giannina Facio, Lady Scott (born September 10, 1955) is a Costa Rican actress and producer who has appeared in a number of films, especially those of her husband, British film director and producer Sir Ridley Scott. She first worked with Scott on "White Squall" and has been his partner since "Hannibal". "Gladiator" was the first of two films in which she plays the wife of Russell Crowe's character, the other being "Body of Lies". Since "White Squall", Facio has made appearances in all of Scott's films except for "American Gangster", "The Martian" and "". Facio married her producing
Herbal cigarettes are an option.  [At the Mad Men Q & A at the Paley Center earlier this week, the cast discussed smoking on the show, noting they smoke herbal cigarettes made of "rose petals, marshmallow... no nicotine or tar."](_URL_0_)
What Are Examples of Non-Renewable Resources? Related Articles Different Examples of Nonrenewable Resources Definition & Examples of Renewable Resources Examples of Nonrenewable Energy Sources Information About Nonrenewable Resources Nonrenewable resources are used worldwide to create electricity, heat homes, power vehicles and manufacture goods. Resources are considered nonrenewable if their quantities are limited or if they cannot be replaced as fast as they are used up. Some nonrenewable resources have been formed over millions of years and will eventually be depleted altogether. (See References 1)Petroleum Oil, or petroleum, comes from the liquified, fossilized remains of plants and animals that lived hundreds of millions of years ago; once oil sources are depleted, they cannot be replaced. Oil is an energy source that the U. S. is very much dependent upon. It is used to create fuels, such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel. It is also used in the manufacturing of plastics and industrial chemicals. Much of our oil is imported, creating a dependency on sources that are unpredictable and costly. The environmental impacts of mining oil include threats to waterways, plants and wildlife due to oil spills and increased infrastructure in natural areas. The impacts of oil combustion include air pollution, smog and increased greenhouse gas emissions. (See References 1)Coal Coal is the most plentiful nonrenewable resource in the world and is used to create more than half of the electricity used in the U. S. Coal is made when plant material has been compressed in bogs for millions of years. (See References 1) The extraction of coal from surface and sub-surface mines creates numerous problems for humans and the environment. Sub-surface mines are dangerous for miners as tunnels can collapse and built-up gas can explode. They also create subsidence, meaning that the ground level lowers when the coal is removed. Surface mining, or strip-mining, causes erosion and water pollution and decreases biodiversity by reducing plant and animal habitats. Additionally, the combustion of coal contributes to air pollution and global climate change and creates a toxic ash as a byproduct. (See References 1)Natural Gas Natural gas is the result of decomposing plants and animals that were trapped beneath rock millions of years ago. This gas is drilled from the ground or extracted using dynamite and then processed and piped through thousands of miles of pipelines for cooking, heating homes and fueling vehicles. (See References 2) Though natural gas is considered to be a relatively "clean" fossil fuel, the environmental impacts of extracting it and installing pipelines include severe disruption of wildlife habitat and groundwater contamination. (See References 3)Nuclear Energy Although nuclear energy is often held up as a viable alternative to coal and oil, it is not a renewable energy source. Nuclear power requires uranium, a radioactive metallic element that must be mined from the earth and is not quickly replenished. Nuclear energy does not create air pollution though combustion like fossil fuels. It does, however, produce radioactive waste, which must be disposed of and which can cause problems for humans and ecosystems for thousands of years. Additionally, accidents and leaks from nuclear power plants can have catastrophic effects on the entire planet. (See References 4)References (4)University of California: Non-Renewable Energy Sources U. S. Energy Information Administration: Natural Gas Explained U. S. Energy Information Administration: Natural Gas and the Environment U. S. Energy Information Administration: Nuclear Power and the Environment About the Author Hailing from Austin, Texas, Beth Berry has been writing since 1995 about sustainable farming, fiber arts and parenting. She brings expertise in organic gardening, landscape design and domestic arts to her writing. Berry holds a Bachelor of Science in environmental science from Abilene Christian University and is a master seamstress. Photo Credits Noel Hendrickson/Digital Vision/Getty Images 
Smurf Village The Smurf Village as it appears in the comic books The Smurf Village as it appears in the cartoon show The Smurf Village as it appears in the comic book version of The Smurfs And The Magic Flute The Smurf Village as it appears in The Smurfs And The Magic Flute movie The Smurf Village as it appears in the 2011 movie The Smurf Village as it appears at the end of the movie The Smurf Village as it appears in Smurfs: The Lost Village Smurf Village Residents Smurfs Location Smurf Forest, somewhere in Europe (presumably in Belgium )Population A little over 100 Smurfs, plus 1 crane, 1 dog and 1 Smoogle Size Estimated as being around 100 to 250 square feet; actual size unknown First Appearance The Smurfs And The Magic Flute (comic book)You may also be looking for the Smurfs' Village game. The Smurf Village is the home residence for the Smurfs. It is located in a forest, the exact location of which is unknown to all but Smurfs. In the "non-canonical" Smurf story " The Smurfs And The Magic Flute ", Homnibus used "hypno-kinesis" in order to transport Sir Johan and Peewit as close to the village as possible, where they found a Smurf to guide them the rest of the way there. In the cartoon show, a magic spell prevents non-Smurfs from ever finding the village, though strangely as seen in the episode " Revenge Of The Smurfs " it hasn't stopped humans from accidentally rampaging through it. In the 2011 Smurfs movie, it is protected by a magical field that renders it invisible to all outsiders. The village resembles a patch of large mushrooms, since their houses are built to resemble mushrooms, probably serving as camouflage to unsuspecting passersby. Besides houses, it also has an outdoor theater, a meeting house, a kitchen, a dining hall facility, a playing field for sports games, a hospital or infirmary for treating sick and injured Smurfs, and a field for growing crops. Though about 100 Smurfs live in this village, it appears to be rather small in area size. The Smurf Village is also adjacent to a large body of water that their sailing ship, the S. S. Smurf II, launches off into. Various secret artifacts have been kept in the village, such as the Long Life Stone that keeps Smurfs from accelerated aging and the Time Scrolls that enable Smurfs to travel to any point in time (and to any geographical location). In the comic books, the Smurf Village is divided regionally into north and south due to the language differences between the Smurfs, as one group of Smurfs may say "corksmurf" and the other group of Smurfs may say "smurfscrew", though Papa Smurf points out to them that both forms of the word are correct. In the cartoon show special " The Smurfic Games ", the Smurf Village is divided regionally into east and west for similar reasons. The Smurf Village's first known appearance was in the original comic book version of " The Smurfs And The Magic Flute ". At the time the story was first published, the Smurf Village was located in a desolate rock-filled forest called the Cursed Land, to which Johan and Peewit were sent to locate them. It was only when the Smurfs became popular enough to warrant their own comic book series that the village was relocated to a flourishing animal-filled forest seen in the animated version of the story as well as all subsequent interpretations of the Smurfs. Locations in the Smurf Village Constant locations in all Smurfs media Papa Smurf's laboratory Greedy's kitchen Hefty's gym Handy's workshop Tailor's shop Smurf Theater Smurf Hospital Smurf Village Meeting Hall Smurf Village Windmill Smurf Village Dam Temporary locations in all Smurfs media King Smurf's castle The Weather-Smurfing Machine Temporary locations in the Smurfs comic books Smurf Village Bank Constant locations in the Smurfs cartoon show Smurflings' playhouse Time Scrolls chamber beneath Grandpa Smurf 's house Temporary locations in the Smurfs cartoon show Smurfomatic food processing complex Smurfwalk Cafe Locations in the Smurfs live-action film series Statue Of Smurf Liberty Location of Smurf Village Statue of smurfy liberty Categ
Confederate States of America The government of the United States (the Union) rejected the claims of secession and considered the Confederacy illegitimate. The American Civil War began with the April 12, 1861 Confederate attack upon Fort Sumter, a Union fort in the harbor of Charleston, South Carolina.
The city's elevation is 2,643 ft (806 m) above sea level (as measured at the Tucson International Airport). Tucson is situated on an alluvial plain in the Sonoran desert, surrounded by five minor ranges of mountains: the Santa Catalina Mountains and the Tortolita Mountains to the north, the Santa Rita Mountains to the south, the Rincon Mountains to the east, and the Tucson Mountains to the west. The high point of the Santa Catalina Mountains is 9,157 ft (2,791 m) Mount Lemmon, the southernmost ski destination in the continental U.S., while the Tucson Mountains include 4,687 ft (1,429 m) Wasson Peak. The highest point in the area is Mount Wrightson, found in the Santa Rita Mountains at 9,453 ft (2,881 m) above sea level.
Letterhead From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search French letterhead paper from a cattle commerce company in 1910Letterhead of the Wood Industry Huber of Bozen -Bolzano, 1918A letterhead, or letterheaded paper, [1] is the heading at the top of a sheet of letter paper ( stationery ). That heading usually consists of a name and an address, and a logo or corporate design, and sometimes a background pattern. The term "letterhead" is often used to refer to the whole sheet imprinted with such a heading. Many companies and individuals prefer to create a letterhead template in a word processor or other software application. This generally includes the same information as pre-printed stationery, but at lower cost. Letterhead can then be printed on stationery (or plain paper) as needed on a local output device or sent electronically. Letterheads are generally printed by either the offset or letterpress methods. In most countries outside North America, company letterheads are printed A4 in size (210 mm x 297 mm). [2] In North America, the letter size is typically 8.5 x 11 inches (215 x 280 mm). Although modern technology makes letterheads very easy to imitate, they continue to be used as evidence of authenticity. [3] [4]Contents [ hide ]1 Gallery2 References3 Further reading4 External links Gallery [ edit]Letterhead (1896) for The National Normal University, Lebanon, Ohio, USALetterhead used by Infanta Elena of Spain, Duchess of Lugo References [ edit]^ Kperogi, Farooq (2014-01-26). "Q and A on the grammar of food, usage and Nigerian English". Daily Trust. Retrieved 2017-02-23.^ "International Paper Sizes | Neenah Paper". www.neenahpaper.com. Retrieved 2017-02-26.^ Evidence and the Advocate: A Contextual Approach to Learning Evidence, Christopher W. Behan. Lexis Nexis, 2014. ISBN 0327175044, 9780327175049^ Federal Evidence Review, Editor's blog, 2009. http://federalevidence.com/blog/2009/august/documents-produced-discovery-were-“authentic-se”-during-summary-judgment-proceeding Further reading [ edit]Wheeler, Alina. Designing Brand Identity, pp. 146–147. External links [ edit]Wikimedia Commons has media related to Letterheads. Gallery of historic letterheads Tutorial on using free Open Office.org software to create a letterhead This publishing -related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. Categories: Letters (message) Publishing stubs 
Get the weather information.
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification from that of the previous tournament except the slot for the hosts is moved from CONCACAF (Canada) to UEFA (France). Qualifying matches started on 3 April 2017, and ended on 1 December 2018. Apart from the host France, 207 of the 210 remaining FIFA member associations could qualify through their own confederation's qualifying process if they choose to enter. The exceptions were Guatemala and Kuwait, whose football associations were suspended by FIFA, and Equatorial Guinea, which were banned from the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup. Guam, Lebanon, Sierra Leone, and Turks and Caicos Islands were initially drawn into qualifying stages
Frank Bank Frank Bank Frank Bank (April 12, 1942 – April 13, 2013) was an American actor, particularly known for his role as Clarence "Lumpy" Rutherford on the 1957–1963 situation comedy television series "Leave It to Beaver". Bank was cast in fifty episodes of "Leave It to Beaver" between January 24, 1958, until the series finale on May 30, 1963. Thereafter, he was cast as Clarence Rutherford in 101 episodes of the series sequel, "The New Leave It to Beaver", which aired on cable television from 1985 to 1989. Beginning in 1973, Bank became a bond broker in his native Los Angeles,
The Simpsons (season 4) "The Simpsons"' fourth season originally aired on the Fox network between September 24, 1992 and May 13, 1993, beginning with "Kamp Krusty". The showrunners for the fourth production season were Al Jean and Mike Reiss. The aired season contained two episodes which were hold-over episodes from season three, which Jean and Reiss also ran. Following the end of the production of the season, Jean, Reiss and most of the original writing staff left the show. The season was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards and Dan Castellaneta would win one for his performance as Homer in "Mr. Plow". The fourth season was released on DVD in Region 1 on June 15, 2004, Region 2 on August 2, 2004 and in Region 4 on August 25, 2004.
Hernandez v. Texas Hernandez v. Texas, 347 U.S. 475 (1954), was a landmark case, "the first and only Mexican-American civil-rights case heard and decided by the United States Supreme Court during the post-World War II period." In a unanimous ruling, the court held that Mexican Americans and all other nationality groups in the United States had equal protection under the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. The ruling was written by Justice Earl Warren. This was the first case in which Mexican-American lawyers had appeared before the US Supreme Court.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever is a 2011 bestselling and award-winning children's book and the sixth book in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series, written by American author Jeff Kinney. The book was released on November 15, 2011 and was the fastest-selling book of 2011, giving him the third-strongest opening-week sales for a children's author. "Cabin Fever" had a first printing run of six million copies, which Amulet Books stated was one of their most significant titles for that year. In 2012 Kinney won a "Best Author" "Children's Choice Award"
Nutrition Facts on a Ham Sandwich With Lettuce & Whole Wheat Bread Its nutrition facts depend on the size of your bread slices, how much ham you take and what additional ingredients are in your sandwich. Calories and Macronutrients A ham sandwich made with two slices of whole wheat bread, two slices of ham and one leaf of iceberg lettuce contains 220 calories. It has 17 grams of protein, 25 grams of total carbohydrates and 6 grams of total fat, 2 grams of which are saturated fat -- 8 percent of the maximum daily value for a healthy adult on a 2,000-calorie diet.
Parsnip The parsnip (Pastinaca sativa) is a root vegetable closely related to the carrot and parsley. It is a biennial plant usually grown as an annual. Its long tuberous root has cream-colored skin and flesh and can be left in the ground when mature as it becomes sweeter in flavor after winter frosts.
Anne-Sophie Mutter recorded for CD and DVD the complete set of Beethoven's Violin Sonatas, accompanied by Lambert Orkis; these were broadcast on television in many countries. Though her repertoire includes many classical works, Mutter is particularly known for her performances of contemporary music. Several pieces have been specially written for or dedicated to her, including Henri Dutilleux's "Sur le même accord", Krzysztof Penderecki's Second Violin Concerto, Witold Lutosławski's "Chain 2" and the orchestral version of "Partita", and Wolfgang Rihm's "Gesungene Zeit" ("Time Chant"), "Lichtes Spiel", and "Dyade". In August 2007, she premiered Sofia Gubaidulina's Violin Concerto No. 2 "In tempus praesens." She
 [1] Associate Degree  [1] Associate Degree The University of Central Arkansas offers the Associate of Arts (AA) degree in General Education. The minimum requirement is 60 semester hours of unduplicated credit and a minimum 2.0 cumulative grade point average. [1.1] UCA Core Requirements for the Associate of Arts Degree Completion of the lower-division UCA Core program (a minimum of 38 credit hours) and 22 credit hours of electives is required for the Associate of Arts in General Education. [1.2] Residency Requirements for the Associate of Arts Degree The credit offered for an Associate’s degree must include at least 15 hours earned in residence at UCA. [2] Baccalaureate Degrees The University of Central Arkansas offers eight baccalaureate degrees: Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Business Administration, Bachelor of Fine Arts, Bachelor of Music, Bachelor of Professional Studies, Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Science in Nursing, Bachelor of Science in Education. [2.1] General Degree Requirements [2.1.1] Total Credit Requirements To be eligible for graduation with a baccalaureate degree, a student must file a program of study approved by the major and minor advisors that contains at least 120 semester hours of unduplicated credit (at least 40 hours must be upper-division), or more if the curriculum requires it. A grade point average of 2.0 or better is required in each of the major and minor fields and cumulatively. For purposes of grade point calculation, all course work attempted in the major or minor field will be included in determining the major or minor grade point average. A transfer student must satisfy all these grade-point requirements on work taken at this university. Consult the departmental section of this catalog for specific degree requirements. [2.1.2] Major and Minor All degree-seeking students must declare a major and at least one minor field, subject to modifications noted for specific programs. After completing 27 credit hours, students must have declared a major prior to future semester course registration. A student’s academic advisor may petition the Registrar to extend the deadline for declaring a major up to 60 credit hours. A course that is used to meet the requirements of a major may not also be used to meet minor requirements. Departmental faculty of the student’s declared minor and major are advisors. Changes made to adjust the student’s program within the scope of the departmental major or minor requirements need only the approval of the department chair. Adjustments in the student’s program beyond the scope of departmental requirements require the approval of the Academic Adjustments and Appeals Committee. Major and minor requirements are set forth in the departmental sections of this bulletin. Prior to declaring a major, students are assigned to general advisors. Such students will follow a general program of liberal studies until the major is determined. [2.1.3] Senior College Requirement The credit offered for graduation must include at least forty semester hours of upper-division level (3000- and 4000-level) courses, including at least 12 semester hours of upper-division work in the major field and three hours of upper-division work in the minor field. Graduates of accredited, specialized, or professional health science programs, who possess a license in the field and who have had the equivalent of 40 hours of upper-division work will plan a program with the department involved. The plan must be approved by the department chair and the college dean. [2.1.4] Electives Elective courses may be selected by the student, upon the approval of the advisor, to complete the total credit requirements for graduation. These courses should be chosen carefully either for the purpose of correcting deficiencies in the student’s educational background or to strengthen major and minor programs through study in related fields. An elective is defined as a course that does not constitute a part of the major or minor field and is not being used to satisfy a UCA Core requirement. No more than four hours of physi
Plato's theory of forms or "ideas" describes ideal forms (for example the platonic solids in geometry or abstracts like Goodness and Justice), as universals existing independently of any particular instance. Arne Grøn calls this doctrine "the classic example of a metaphysical idealism as a transcendent idealism", while Simone Klein calls Plato "the earliest representative of metaphysical objective idealism". Nevertheless, Plato holds that matter is real, though transitory and imperfect, and is perceived by our body and its senses and given existence by the eternal ideas that are perceived directly by our rational soul. Plato was therefore a metaphysical and epistemological dualist, an outlook that modern idealism has striven to avoid: Plato's thought cannot therefore be counted as idealist in the modern sense, although quantum physics' assertion that man's consciousness is an immutable and primary requisite for not merely perceiving but shaping matter, and thus his reality, would give more credence to Plato's dualist position.[citation needed]
. Q. What is landscape architecture? Landscape architecture is the profession that encompasses the analysis, planning, design, management and stewardship of the natural and built environment. Activities of a landscape architect include creating public parks, site planning for commercial and residential properties, reclaiming blighted areas, designing towns and historic preservation. Landscape architects have advanced education, professional training, specialized skills and licensure in 46 states. Q. What is the difference between a landscape architect and other design professionals? Landscape architecture, architecture, civil engineering and urban planning are all professions that work with the "built" environment. Despite some overlap between these professions, there are important distinctions. Landscape architects manage any jobs concerning the design and use of outdoor space and the land. The scope of the profession includes site planning, town or urban planning, park and recreation planning, regional planning, garden design and historic preservation. Architects primarily design buildings and structures with specific uses, such as homes, offices, schools and factories. Civil engineers apply scientific principles to the design and construction of public infrastructure such as roads, bridges and utilities. Urban planners develop a broad, comprehensive overview of development for entire cities and regions. Earlier this field was closely associated with landscape architecture and architecture; however, urban planning has developed into a distinct profession with its own courses and degree programs. Today many landscape architects are still heavily involved in the field of urban planning. Each of these four professions is very distinct from gardeners, landscapers, horticulturists and landscape contractors. Gardeners and landscaper designers usually do not have the advanced degree that is requisite for landscape architects. Their activities focus primarily on fundamental garden design and maintenance. Horticulturists are trained in the science of growing and producing plants. Many horticulturists become nurserymen or work in garden centers. Landscape contractors install planting elements of design conceived by landscape architects. Landscape contractors may be gardeners or landscapers. Q. Why are commercial developers, urban planners, architects and public policy makers hiring landscape architects with increasing frequency? Thoughtful landscape architecture adds value to a commercial development by handling aesthetic and practical considerations, and addresses the growing public concern for the environment. In recent years, the most successful building projects in terms of profitability and positive client public response have been those that incorporate the collaborative expertise of many professions. In such cases, landscape architects and the other design professionals have worked together from the project's planning stages. Q. Granted that landscape architects add value to commercial developments, what is the ongoing value of the profession to public land management? In the 18th and 19th centuries, the profession's forerunners in England and France laid the foundations for the world's first great public parks. Landscape architects have been associated with public land management since the earliest members of the profession in America helped establish national parks at Yosemite Valley (1864) and Niagara Falls (1885). Today landscape architects bring with them an expertise in planning and managing entire ecosystems and society's interaction with the land. Landscape architects develop comprehensive plans so that parks can successfully serve growing numbers of users today and in years to come. The importance of the profession can be seen in the large number of landscape architects employed by the National Park Service and other government agencies at the federal, state and city levels. Q. What is the difference between "softscape" and "hardscape? "Softscape refers to the natural elements with which landscape architects work
Which is the best kids tablet available in the Indian market?
- Gastroenterology is a subspecialty of Internal Medicine. A gastroenterologist has completed all of the same training as an internist, (4 years undergraduate, 4 years medical school, and 3 years of residency) plus three years of fellowship training in Gastroenterology.
Mining and Geological Engineers To become a professional engineer (PE), mining and geological engineers must have a degree from a program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET), 4 years of relevant work experience and pass an exam.raduates of these programs often find jobs similar to those mining and geological engineers bachelor’s degree holder attain. However, employers consider their skill levels to be between a technician and an engineer. For faculty positions or research and development work, a masters degree is required.
64 (number) 64 (number) 64 (sixty-four) is the natural number following 63 and preceding 65. Sixty-four is the square of 8, the cube of 4, and the sixth power of 2. It is the smallest number with exactly seven divisors. It is the lowest positive power of two that is adjacent to neither a Mersenne prime nor a Fermat prime. 64 is the sum of Euler's totient function for the first fourteen integers. It is also a dodecagonal number and a centered triangular number. 64 is also the first whole number that is both a perfect square and a perfect cube. Since
How to convert Map<Object, Object> to Map<String, String> in java?
Kitty Wells, Pioneering Country Singer, Dead at 92 Pioneering female country singer Kitty Wells died today at her home in Madison, Tennessee, due to complications from a stroke, her grandson John Sturdivant Jr. told the New York Times. She was 92. At the time, the then-33-year-old wife and mother was preparing to call it a day in the music industry to become a homemaker.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Anaheim, California Anaheim ( pronounced -LSB- ˈænəhaɪm -RSB- ) is a city in Orange County , California , part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area . As of the 2010 United States Census , the city had a population of 336,265 , making it the most populous city in Orange County and the 10th most populous city in California . Anaheim is the second largest city in Orange County in terms of land area ( after Irvine ) and is known for its theme parks , the Anaheim Convention Center , and its two major sports teams : the Anaheim Ducks ice hockey club and the Angels baseball team .   Anaheim was founded by fifty German families in 1857 and incorporated as the second city in Los Angeles County on March 18 , 1876 ; Orange County would later be split off from Los Angeles County in 1889 . Anaheim remained largely a rural community until Disneyland opened in the city in 1955 . This led to the construction of several hotels and motels around the area , and residential districts in Anaheim soon followed . The city also developed into an industrial center , producing electronics , aircraft parts and canned fruit .   Anaheim 's city limits extend from Cypress in the west to the Riverside County line in the east and encompass a diverse collection of neighborhoods and communities . Anaheim Hills is a master-planned community located in the city 's eastern stretches that is home to many of the city 's affluent . Downtown Anaheim has three mixed-use historic districts , the largest of which is the Anaheim Colony . The Anaheim Resort , a commercial district , includes Disneyland , Disney California Adventure , and numerous hotels and retail complexes . The Platinum Triangle , a neo-urban redevelopment district surrounding Angel Stadium , is planned to be populated with mixed-use streets and high-rises . Anaheim Canyon is an industrial district north of California State Route 91 and east of California State Route 57 .
Submarines dive by filling ballast tanks with water. When the sub dives, air from the tanks is compressed into storage tanks, and replaced with seawater. In an emergency, the compressed air can be released back into the ballast tanks, blowing the seawater out and restoring positive buoyancy. Google "submarine emergency blow" to see the result.
Public opinion on a mandatory COVID-19 vaccination policy in France: a cross sectional survey
Not to discourage further discussion, but /u/keyilan covered this recently in [this thread](_URL_38_)
> So why those 2 cities? Tokyo didn't have two good days for visual bombing in the past so it wasn't considered a good target for such a critical attack. Hiroshima was almost completely flat and was extremely densely packed both industrial and residential, making the the roughly one mile of blast radius the most effective. Most of the structures were made of wood which meant the resulting fire damage would spread and amplify damage beyond the simple blast of the bomb. Nagasaki again had closely packed wooden buildings through which fire would spread, but had not experienced widespread bombing earlier in the war. It also wasn't the primary target: The intended target was Kokura but that city was too obscured by smoke and haze that the bombers moved on to the secondary target of Nagasaki.
US Airways By Katie Benner and Nin-Hai Tseng May 6, 2013US Airways Shareholders cheered when the nation’s fifth-largest airline by revenue officially became the world’s biggest airline, thanks to its merger with bankrupt American Airlines. A judge approved the deal in February, which helped give US Airways shares another boost after they tripled in value since the start of 2012, shortly after it began pursuing the deal. US Airways also flew fuller planes and enjoyed cheaper fuel costs. In 2012, earnings jumped to $637 million — up dramatically from $71 million the previous year. In the year ahead, the airline is expected to close its deal with American. US Airways Chief Executive Doug Parker is expected to serve as CEO of the new airline. Advertisement Sprint Nextel Despite Sprint’s enormous $4.3 billion loss in 2012, shares of the nation’s third-largest wireless carrier surged as executives tried to turn the business around, sparking a bidding war for its assets. In October, Sprint Nextel agreed to sell a majority of the company to Japanese tech giant Softbank, a move most investors hailed as key for it to compete against larger rivals AT&T and Verizon. The $20 billion deal would also give Sprint the cash necessary to avoid bankruptcy if its ongoing network transformation plan doesn’t go well. The company has long struggled to recover from the 2005 merger with Nextel. It has been spending billions of dollars to build a next-generation data network to support the latest smartphones like the Apple i Phone 5. The deal with Softbank is expected to close later this year, but it may not end up happening. In April, Dish Network stepped up with an offer of $25.5 billion for control of Sprint. Softbank executives remain confident their bid will prevail. Western Refining Thanks to cheaper oil in 2012, this U. S. refiner cashed in and made investors happy. Shares more than doubled amid a refining rally spurred by abundant oil in the U. S. Western Refining owns refineries in Texas and New Mexico. In November, its stock rose to the highest in five years as oil produced in Midland, Texas, continued selling at a record discount to the U. S. benchmark. The refiner also gained from a boost in oil production in West Texas’s Permian basin, which has helped push down crude prices in the region. If prices remain low, investors may stay happy in 2013. Advertisement AMRAmerican Airlines parent AMR Corp continued to shed workers as part of its ongoing bankruptcy reorganization in 2012. The nation’s third-largest U. S. carrier by traffic also renegotiated leases, cut management and support staff and froze dozen of pension plans to lower costs. While investors appeared convinced the company was serious about turning business around, AMR in April filed plans to exit bankruptcy. It plans to merge with rival U. S. Airways to form the world’s biggest airline. Under the deal, AMR shareholders will receive a 3.5% equity stake in the new company. Advertisement Whirlpool Shares of the world’s largest maker of home appliances surged as America’s sluggish housing market turned the corner. This led to more demand for everything from washing machines to refrigerators. Whirlpool saw earnings rise during the last months of 2012 as it cut costs and scaled back production. If the housing market continues to recover, investors might see another decent year. Advertisement Holly Frontier Its name may not be a household one, but this lesser known U. S. refiner has grabbed the attention of Wall Street. Holly Frontier made investors happy in 2012 with its strong cash flow. It also returned cash to shareholders by raising dividends and offering special payouts and share buybacks. The company is relatively young, born out of a merger in July 2011 between Holly Corp. and Frontier Oil Corp. It operates five refining companies in the mid-continent, southwestern and Rocky Mountain regions. Advertisement Office Max Despite weaker sales, the nation’s third-largest office supply chain saw its stock rise in 2012 as executives cut costs by closing or shrinking stores. Office Ma
- Marijuana can be both a medicine and a recreational drug, but separating one from the other isn’t simple. According to the World Health Organization, marijuana is the most popular recreational drug worldwide. However, unlike many other recreational drugs, marijuana is widely used as a medicine as well. This fact, along with marijuana’s legal status, has led to much confusion over the differences between medical marijuana and recreational marijuana. If you’re feeling a bit puzzled yourself, here are a few things to consider.
Software advice to create animated sketches
Walking Although walking speeds can vary greatly depending on many factors such as height, weight, age, terrain, surface, load, culture, effort, and fitness, the average human walking speed is about 5.0 kilometres per hour (km/h), or about 3.1 miles per hour (mph).
What does the ITF rulebook consider to be "the service motion"?
Painting Estimators: How Much Does it Cost to Hire a Painter? Specialty painting by the hour costs between $40 to $50 on average. Paint might range between $75 to $90, costing an additional $40 to $50 per hour. The painter's skill and experience are also determining factors in the cost of specialty painting. While a freelance artist might charge $25 to $30 an hour, a very skilled professional might charge $80 or more. Some painters might also charge $60 or more for a consultation.
Everyone Piano Publisher's Description. From ALikeT Software: Everyone Piano is a computer keyboard simulating piano software, it can use the general computer keyboard to play the world famous piano music.With powerful timbre database, Everyone Piano's tone is lifelike and real-time.Even on onboard sound card, Everyone Piano can reach real-time musical performance, meantime it also simulates the footplate of the piano.ith powerful timbre database, Everyone Piano's tone is lifelike and real-time. Even on onboard sound card, Everyone Piano can reach real-time musical performance, meantime it also simulates the footplate of the piano.
Because health insurance providers are profit companies, not non profit charities.  The goal is to make money, not break even. If a product isn't profiting, the operating costs can be shifted to build up another product that is profiting.
- Most / Least Educated Cities in FL. The average temperature of Palm Beach Gardens is 73.96°F, which is higher than the Florida average temperature of 71.80°F and is much higher than the national average temperature of 54.45°F.
. Angle of Elevation The angle above horizontal that an observer must look to see an object that is higher than the observer. Note: The angle of elevation is congruent to the angle of depression (this assumes the object is close enough to the observer so that the horizontals for the observer and the object are effectively parallel; this would not be the case for a ground tracking station observing a satellite in orbit around the earth). 
That describes a star that is not yet "dead" or has not used its fuel yet.
How to Make Vanilla Ice Cream Home Recipes Desserts Frozen Desserts Ice Cream Vanilla Ice Cream Watch How to Make Vanilla Ice Cream232 made it | 35 reviews53KRecipe by: Chef John"Vanilla is the king of ice cream flavors. This version without eggs ('American' or 'Philadelphia-style') has a brighter, more pronounced vanilla flavor. "Save I Made It Print Pin Share Ingredients2 h 35 m 4 425On Sale What's on sale near you.3/4 cup white sugar1 cup heavy whipping cream2 1/4 cups milk2 teaspoons vanilla extract Add all ingredients to list Directions Prep30 m Cook5 m Ready In2 h 35 m Stir sugar, cream, and milk into a saucepan over low heat until sugar has dissolved. Heat just until mix is hot and a small ring of foam appears around the edge. Transfer cream mixture to a pourable container such as a large measuring cup. Stir in vanilla extract and chill mix thoroughly, at least 2 hours. (Overnight is best. )Pour cold ice cream mix into an ice cream maker, turn on the machine, and churn according to manufacturer's directions, 20 to 25 minutes. When ice cream is softly frozen, serve immediately or place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the ice cream and place in freezer to ripen, 2 to 3 hours. Nutrition Facts Per Serving: 425 calories; 24.7 g fat; 45.8 g carbohydrates; 5.8 g protein; 92 mg cholesterol; 79 mg sodium. Full nutrition I made it!Share Similar: Recipes Videos Categories Articles Vanilla Ice Cream VIII96Honey Vanilla Ice Cream79Vanilla Cherry Ice Cream65Vanilla Ice Cream III54Vanilla Milkshakes without Ice Cream41Vanilla Ice Cream VI37Chile Chocolate Ice Cream1Shorecook's Raspberry Swirl Vanilla B...0Kumquat Ice Cream0Old School Homemade Ice Cream0Get the magazine Get a full year for $10!Cook 5-star weekday dinners every time. Reviews35Rate and review42 Ratings Most helpful positive review SHORECOOK8967328/25/2013EXCELLENT! Chef John has never let me down. This recipe was so easy, I found myself giving it over the phone to a friend without even looking at the recipe. I watched the video first which is... Read more Most helpful critical reviewvtricci016/23/2014this one does not work for the good ol' fashioned ice cream maker. The wooden kind with the motor on top. I've had this thing running for 2 hours now and it's just slush. Read more Reviews: Most helpful SHORECOOK8967328/25/2013EXCELLENT! Chef John has never let me down. This recipe was so easy, I found myself giving it over the phone to a friend without even looking at the recipe. I watched the video first which is... Read more Beth Hutton-Muse178189/23/2013I give it five stars, though I make one really major change. I don't have the patience to wait overnight! You can use one can of sweetened condensed milk that's been chilled and you don't have... Read more Malfranmicsulli309689/9/2013I think this is probably the BEST ice cream recipe ever! It's so easy to change the amounts of whipping cream and milk (I made it the 1st time as Chef John instructed). I liked more cream then m... Read morevtricci016/23/2014this one does not work for the good ol' fashioned ice cream maker. The wooden kind with the motor on top. I've had this thing running for 2 hours now and it's just slush. Read more Rainbow Jewels Allstar5014117/27/2014This was absolutely the BEST ice cream I have ever made. (Chef John never lets me down.) I love the simple and few ingredients needed. It tasted just like the ice cream I remember eating as a ch... Read more Vegetathalas701816/8/2014This was great. Easy recipe, no raw eggs. This was our first time ever making ice cream. We followed the directions exactly, including leaving the stuff to chill overnight. Some of the best vani... Read more Vickygloz3K2353/16/2015I followed this recipe. It was excellent in taste and very good in creaminess. Also extremely simple. Read more Lani0112/27/2014First homemade ice cream I loved! This recipe is clean and delicious with the perfect texture. I used whole milk and pure vanilla. I let it cool in fridge for 3 hours before adding it to my Kitc... Read morehortonfam116/24/2014Wonderful recipe. Its the only ice cream 
Establishment of Grand Teton National Park June 21, 2008. Establishment of Grand Teton National Park The establishment of Grand Teton National Park took place over a period spanning more than 50 years. Located in the northwestern region of the U.S. state of Wyoming, Grand Teton National Park is south of Yellowstone National Park which was established in 1872, when Wyoming, Idaho and Montana were still territories and the region was very sparsely settled. By the late 19th century, conservationists were working to provide further protection to surrounding regions, leading President Grover Cleveland to create the Teton Forest Reserve, which included a portion of northern Jackson Hole.
Nick Foles Nick Foles Nicholas Edward Foles (born January 20, 1989) is an American football quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Arizona and was drafted by the Eagles in the third round of the 2012 NFL Draft. He has also played for the St. Louis Rams and Kansas City Chiefs. Foles played his first game with the Eagles in Week 10 of the 2012 season after Michael Vick left with an injury. Foles then made his first start the following week. In Week 9 of the 2013 season, he became the second
Daisy Flowers Daisy Flowers How to Winterize Shasta Daisy Daisy Flowers Information Is the Gerbera Plant Poisonous? Why are my Gerbera Daisies Not Blooming? Can a Gerbera Daisy Be Planted Outside? Gerbera Daisy Information How to Harvest Shasta Daisy Seeds How to Grow Gerbera Daisies Indoors Gerbera Daisy Facts Are Gerbera Daisies Toxic? Information on Daisies Facts About Daisy Flowers How to Prune Gerbera Daisy Flowers How to Prune Gerber Daisies How to Care for Indoor Gerber Daisies How to Cut Gerber Daisies Planted Lifespan of Gerbera Daisies How to Keep Gerbera Daisies Alive How to Winterize Shasta Daisy With their cheery white petals, Shasta daisies are perennial flowers that grow well in zones 4-10. Despite their popularity and abundance, Shasta daisies can be fussy. They prefer full sun and with their shallow roots require frequent watering. They fare best over the winter in a bed with good drainage. A layer of wood chip mulch will help retain moisture. Some plants need staking to keep from falling over. Although clumps of Shasta daisies need to be divided every 2-3 years, this is best done in the spring. If cared for properly during the growing season, Shasta daisies will thrive and winterizing will be simple. Cut back the dead stems to the base of the plant after the Shasta daisies are finished blooming. Add a 2-inch layer of salt hay, straw or evergreen boughs to mulch the flower bed when the ground begins to freeze. Although more wood chips can be used, these materials provide more effective winter insulation. Remove winter mulch from the flower bed in the early spring or around the time the ground can be worked. Daisy Flowers Information Habitat Daisies like a rich, fertile soil and cool, moist weather. They do not tolerate clay or hot and dry conditions. Identification Daisy flowers are typically ray-shaped with red, white or pink petals and yellow centers. Some white flowers are pink on the petal tips. Double-bloom variations also exist. Features The plants have round green leaves and stay under 6 inches tall. The stems, leaves and flower stalks are covered with small hairs. Warning Daisies are very prolific, and where conditions are favorable, they can escape into gardens and lawns or other natural spaces and be difficult to eradicate. Potential In scientific research tests, compared to a placebo, taking B. perennis reduced postpartum blood loss. Is the Gerbera Plant Poisonous? Gerbera plants, such as the popular Gerbera daisy, are not toxic to humans, cats, dogs or horses. Gerberas can actually help clean the air around the home, according to NASA. Still, they should not be ingested. Why are my Gerbera Daisies Not Blooming? Gerbera daisies may fail to bloom if they receive too little sun, become rootbound or overcrowded in their pots, develop gray mold, are over-watered or under-fertilized. Use African violet fertilizer to encourage daisy flower bloom, and removed spent or moldy-looking petals and flowers. Can a Gerbera Daisy Be Planted Outside? Care Plant Gerbera Daisies in an area of your garden that will receive full sun. During the cooler months of November through May, water the plant only when the soil becomes “fairly dry.” Plants grow best in temperatures around 75 degrees F. Avoid planting in areas that reach below 45 degrees F. Pests The aphid is the most common pest to attack Gerbera Daisies. Add ladybugs to your garden to curb the aphid population. Disease Avoid over-watering the Gerbera Daisy, as too much moisture can breed mildew. Considerations Avoid placing your plant in a shady area. Your plant will bloom the most amount of flowers when placed in full sun. Natural Habitat The Gerbera Daisy is considered a tropical perennial, and was first discovered in southern Africa. Gerbera Daisy Information Geography The gerbera daisy is native to South Africa, Asia, Madagascar and South America, but successfully grows in many other countries as an annual flower in cool climates and a perennial in warm climates. Identification The vibrant flower head of the gerbera daisy is 3 to 4 inches in diameter. I
> The Derweze area is rich in natural gas. While drilling in 1971, Soviet geologists tapped into a cavern filled with natural gas.[2] The ground beneath the drilling rig collapsed, leaving a large hole with a diameter of 70 metres (230 ft) at 40°15′10″N 58°26′22″E. To avoid poisonous gas discharge, it was decided the best solution was to burn it off.[3] Geologists had hoped the fire would use all the fuel in a matter of days, but the gas is still burning today. Locals have dubbed the cavern "The Door to Hell".
This was actually asked years ago and has a pretty detailed answer: _URL_0_ A general rule of thumb is to remember that much of the pre-industrial world ran on a "subsistence economy" _URL_1_ - which means that most people were in charge of making and maintaining everything they needed to use: tools, clothing, etc. The idea of department stores, general stores and clothing shops did not really take hold until factories could produce a lot of such goods during the Industrial Revolution, which is well into the 18th and 19th centuries.
fasboot devices not getting attached xiaomi mi a3 no sound of attaching no nothing I have the Xiaomi Mi A3 and I'm currently on both phone and PC latest stock update. I am using Windows 10 20H2 and I have tried everything – but still don't get it.
I tried another Mi A3 and it got attached normally. I've tried installing all kind of drivers and different ports, nothing. When suddenly it worked and I installed the stock ROM – but because the stock ROM is kinda laggy and ugly I want to change it. But I can't because I am also on stock recovery and I can't install another recovery because my device isn't recognized in fastboot mode.
My device is recognized in adb mode and in edl mode as well, only not in fastboot.
An example of a convergent boundary is? Convergent boundary. In plate tectonics, a convergent boundary, also known as a destructive plate boundary, is an actively deforming region where two tectonic plates or fragments of lithosphere move toward one another and collide.n a subduction zone, the subducting plate, which is normally a plate with oceanic crust, moves beneath the other plate, which can be made of either oceanic or continental crust. During collisions between two continental plates, large mountain ranges, such as the Himalayas are formed.
- It's all of the above and more. A gaper is a skiier or snowboarder who is completely clueless. Usually distiungished by their bright colored clothes and a gaper gap, the gap between goggles and a helment/hat.his is of course correct, but you need to add the correct definition to your poll, which is someone who stops at every roll in the hill and gapes downward, spending inordinate amounts of time (and precious ridge space), determining which way to go. Gaper gap is a symptom of gaperism, not a definition.
Yes, they're real. There are several versions that are different in the details, but the basic principle is that you can get a force when magnetic fields and electric currents interact (similar to how electric motors work). A railgun uses magnets and electric currents to apply force to the projectile. Since this is an electric process, rather than an explosive/chemical process, you aren't limited by the burn speed or pressure of conventional ammunition and you can get very high speeds without really heavy gun barrels. They're not very common yet because the process causes tremendous wear on the barrels, so the guns don't last long, and you need to store a LOT of energy and release it very quickly.
'Parks and Recreation': Lucy Lawless on playing Ron Swanson's new love interest -- FIRST LOOK Better news: Her name is not Tammy 3! Lucy Lawless will guest-star in multiple episodes of NBC’s Parks and Recreation as Diane Lewis, a middle school vice principal who becomes the object of Ron’s affection (he’d probably hate that expression), and you can get your first look at this coupling in the photos below.
Tulare County, California Add Favorite 0 Reviews | Review This Place Tulare County, California, gets 8 inches of rain per year. The US average is 39. Snowfall is 0 inches. The average US city gets 26 inches of snow per year. The number of days with any measurable precipitation is 24. On average, there are 270 sunny days per year in Tulare County, California. The July high is around 97 degrees. The January low is 37. Sperling's comfort index for Tulare County is a 77 out of 100, where a higher score indicates a more comfortable year-around climate.
Lesson 8: Chemical Reactions at Equilibrium and LeChatelier's Principle When additional reactant is added to a system at equilibrium, the immediate effect is to increase the concentration of reactant molecules. According to the collision theory, this increases the number of collisions per second of reactant molecules and therefore the rate of the forward reaction.
> They say we're amongst the most oil-rich nations in the world, yet we're paying twice as much for gas as we were 10 years ago. Canada has a lot of oil, but your car runs on gas. They have to sell oil to the US to be refined, then buy back the gasoline.
Your body needs more than just fat to survive. You need to get essential vitamins, proteins, minerals, and fibers from food. When your stomach is empty, it produces ghrelin, which is the main hormone that makes you feel hunger. This is good even if you're overweight, because it makes you seek out those essential nutrients. Leptin, the hormone that makes you feel satiated, is produced by white adipose tissue. So if your ghrelin overpowers your leptin, even though you're already overweight, you've got problems.
What is Somatic Mutation? However, the risk of a somatic mutation can be increased by the presence or absence of certain inherited genes, which means that a the children of a woman with breast cancer may be at increased risk, and they can be tested to find out whether genes linked with breast cancer are present in their DNA.
Shell was vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It has minor renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels and wind. It has operations in over 90 countries, produces around 3.1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide. Shell Oil Company, its subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.
No, not at all. For a good book on the evolution of attitudes towards interracial involvements see Durba Ghosh's *Sex and the Family in Colonial India*. Admittedly it doesn't extend until 1908, but the general trajectory is that interracial romantic relationships, which initially were even tacitly encouraged, became less and less accepted as time went on.
Bernhards Bay News Topix › New York › Oswego County › Bernhards Bay › Bernhards Bay News Bernhards Bay News Local news for Bernhards Bay, NY continually updated from thousands of sources on the web. Tell me when there are new stories Oswego County man killed when pickup hits tree, plunges 100 feet down embankment
How Much Does Comic Con Cost? Travel Costs > How Much Does Comic Con Cost? How Much Does Comic Con Cost? Comic Con, founded in 1970, refers to the San Diego Comic-Con International. It is a four-day event held during the summer in San Diego, California, that features various events for comic book fans and professionals alike. Aside from the panels, seminars, and workshops with professionals, attendees have the opportunity to preview upcoming feature films and review portfolios with top comic book and video game companies. There are also other interesting events, such as Cosplays, that can be enjoyed by most comic books enthusiasts. These and a lot more are featured during the event.“ San Diego Comic Con ” ( CC BY 2.0 ) by kevin dooley How much do Comic Con tickets cost? Like any event, the prices will change every year; however, as 2017, the prices for an adult was $60, with the exception of Sunday, when the tickets were $20 cheaper. Juniors, who are considered those between the ages of 13 to 17, would cost $30, with the exception Sunday, when the tickets were $10 cheaper. Lastly, children under 12 are free with a paying adult. U. S. Military and Senior Citizens will receive 50 percent off. Keep in mind, however, that if you were to attend, badges sell out almost immediately, so if you plan on attending, it’s important to buy the minute they go on sale. When sold to the public, the open registration will begin a specific day, and even if you register that day, it doesn’t mean you will receive a badge. Screen Crush.com says the registration process works similar to a doctor’s waiting room. You will input your registration information and wait your turn until you’re called in if chosen. In order to register, you will need a registration code, member ID, last name and credit card number. What is going to be included? Comic Con is held for four days (Thursday to Sunday) during the summer, typically in mid to late July, in San Diego, California. Each day has major events that comic and fantasy enthusiasts can enjoy such as panels, seminars, and workshops with comic book professionals, awards, ceremonies, costume contests, and some traditional events like the eclectic film programs. The event also features screening rooms devoted to Japanese animation, gaming and programs. As with other conventions, Comic-Con features a large floorspace for exhibitors. This floor will include media companies such as movie studios, TV networks, comic book dealers and collectible merchants. In 2016, there were more than 725 exhibitors on the floor. The convention also includes an autograph area where comic fans have the chance to have an autograph with some prominent personalities in the comic book industry. There is also the “Artists’ Alley” where most artists can sketch for a fee or for free for their fans. Signings will vary from year to year, so it’s best to check the official website for more information. To see the official schedule for the upcoming convention, go here. What are the extra costs? The costs mentioned above will only include the badges. Depending on where you live, you also need to factor in the flights, hotels, transportation and food/drink expenses. Again, these costs can greatly vary depending on where you live. On Reddit.com, for instance, one member, who resided on the east coast, said they paid $450 for the flight, $250 for the tickets, $190 per night at the hotel and another $40 to $50 per day for food. Tips to know: My Bucket List Events tells us that you shouldn’t forget to reserve your seats at a panel, discussion and/or film premier. Even with restaurants, it’s best to make reservations well ahead of time. The more you plan ahead of time, the smoother the trip will be. The event is open to all ages and no restrictions are in place. In fact, the convention offers an on-site daycare for a fee. How can I save money? Always try to buy tickets from the official site. If at all possible, do not purchase tickets from scalpers as you might be overcharged if you purchase from other sites not authorized by Comic Con. In addi
Web search engine From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Search engine" redirects here. For other uses, see Search engine (disambiguation). For a tutorial on using search engines for researching Wikipedia articles, see Wikipedia: Search engine test. The results of a search for the term "lunar eclipse" in a web-based image search engine A ' web search engine' is a software system that is designed to search for information on the World Wide Web. The search results are generally presented in a line of results often referred to as search engine results pages (SERPs). The information may be a mix of web pages, images, and other types of files. Some search engines also mine data available in databases or open directories. Unlike web directories, which are maintained only by human editors, search engines also maintain real-time information by running an algorithm on a web crawler. Internet content that is not capable of being searched by a web search engine is generally described as the deep web. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Approach3 Market share3.1 East Asia and Russia3.2 Europe4 Search engine bias5 Customized results and filter bubbles6 Christian, Islamic and Jewish search engines7 Search engine submission8 See also9 References10 Further reading11 External links History [ edit]Further information: Timeline of web search engines Timeline ( full list)Year Engine Current status1993 W3Catalog Inactive Aliweb Inactive Jump Station Inactive WWW Worm Inactive1994 Web Crawler Active, Aggregator Go.com Inactive, redirects to Disney Lycos Active Infoseek Inactive, redirects to Disney1995 Daum Active Magellan Inactive Excite Active SAPO Active Yahoo! Active, Launched as a directory1996 Dogpile Active, Aggregator Inktomi Inactive, acquired by Yahoo!Hot Bot Active (lycos.com)Ask Jeeves Active (rebranded ask.com)1997 Northern Light Inactive Yandex Active1998 Google Active Ixquick Active also as Startpage MSN Search Active as Bingempas Inactive (merged with NATE)1999 Allthe Web Inactive (URL redirected to Yahoo! )Genie Knows Active, rebranded Yellowee.com Naver Active Teoma Inactive, redirects to Ask.com Vivisimo Inactive2000 Baidu Active Exalead Active Gigablast Active2001 Kartoo Inactive2003 Info.com Active Scroogle Inactive2004 Yahoo! Search Active, Launched own web search (see Yahoo! Directory, 1995)A9.com Inactive Sogou Active2005 AOL Search Active Search Me Inactive2006 Soso Inactive, redirects to Sogou Quaero Inactive Search.com Active Cha Cha Inactive Ask.com Active Live Search Active as Bing, Launched as rebranded MSN Search2007 wikiseek Inactive Sproose Inactive Wikia Search Inactive Blackle.com Active, Google Search2008 Powerset Inactive (redirects to Bing)Picollator Inactive Viewzi Inactive Boogami Inactive Leap Fish Inactive Forestle Inactive (redirects to Ecosia)Duck Duck Go Active2009 Bing Active, Launched as rebranded Live Search Yebol Inactive Mugurdy Inactive due to a lack of funding Scout (Goby) Active NATE Active Ecosia Active2010 Blekko Inactive, sold to IBMCuil Inactive Yandex (English) Active2011 Ya Cy Active, P2P web search engine2012 Volunia Inactive2013 Qwant Active Infoseek Inactive, redirects to Disney2014 Egerin Active, Kurdish / Sorani search engine2015 Cliqz Active, Browser integrated search engine2016 Search Encrypt Active Internet search engines themselves predate the debut of the Web in December 1990. The Who is user search dates back to 1982 [1] and the Knowbot Information Service multi-network user search was first implemented in 1989. [2] The first well documented search engine that searched content files, namely FTP files was Archie, which debuted on 10 September 1990. [3]Prior to September 1993 the World Wide Web was entirely indexed by hand. There was a list of webservers edited by Tim Berners-Lee and hosted on the CERN webserver. One Google.nl snapshot of the list in 1992 remains, [4] but as more and more web servers went online the central list could no longer keep up. On the NCSA site, new servers were announced under the title "What's New!" [5]The first tool used for searching cont
Survival Basics: Using Oxygen Absorbers for Food Storage Survival Basics: Using Oxygen Absorbers for Food Storage March 31, 2015| By Gaye Levy65 Comments Share557Pin1.7KTweet38+110Email2.4KWhen I first started getting serious about food storage, I found myself facing an entirely new vocabulary of food storage terms. It should come as no surprise that one of those terms was “ Oxygen Absorber ”. At the time, I had no clue as what they were and how to use them. Oxygen absorbers, also known as O2 absorbers, are a mystery to many. Not a week goes by when I am not asked for guidance as to how to use them. Rather than answer those questions individually, today I am sharing an updated printer on oxygen absorbers with just enough information to get you started on the road to successfully storing bulk foods for the long term. Save Contents [ show]Learning about Long Term Storage The very first item I purchased for my food storage pantry was a 25 pound sack of pinto beans. Of course back then, I thought I would simply store the big bag in the garage and let it sit there until I needed it. Set it and forget it. Why not? Luckily, I did my research and learned first and foremost that beans, along with many other bulk foods, have a shelf life. Furthermore, I learned that beans will become hard as rocks if not properly packaged and stored in a cool, oxygen and moisture free environment. Who knew? The light bulb really came on as I was reading John Hill’s book How to Live on Wheat. It was this little book that taught me not only about wheat (did you know that wheat can be living or dead?) but about storage containers, Mylar bags, desiccants, and something called oxygen absorbers. This set me on a serious path to learn what was in those little O2 absorber packets along with what I needed to do to use them effectively for long term food storage. What the Heck are Oxygen Absorbers? The first thing I learned was that oxygen absorbers are smallish little packets that hold an iron powder. Through the magic of technology, or so it seems to me, the outer wrapper lets oxygen and moisture in where it is absorbed by the iron powder. It does so while maintaining the integrity of the outer wrapper while at the same time preventing leakage of the the powder back into the packaged food. Save In the process of sucking up moisture, the iron in the O2 absorber begins to rust. This creates oxidation and before you know it, in a well sealed container, 99.99% of the oxygen is used up. Any space or air left in the container is nitrogen, not oxygen, which is not a bad thing because insects can not thrive in pure nitrogen. In simplistic terms, those little packets of iron suck up all of the oxygen from the air within the container in which it is placed. Factoid: Air is about 21 percent oxygen, 78 percent nitrogen and 1% other gasses. What About Storage Containers? As you do your research, you will hear over and over again that you should use oxygen absorbers in sealed Mylar bags. This is true. O2 absorbers work extremely well when used with sealed Mylar bags. That being said, they can also be used to successfully block out oxygen with other types of packaging, too. All of the following will work: Metal Cans with Sealed Lids. Great if you have access to a canner or a local community kitchen. For most of us, however, this is not a realistic and cost effective solution. Mason Jars and Canning Lids. This is one of my favorites especially since I have aspecial jar attachmentfor my food saver that will vacuum seal mason jars quickly and easily. It is just a personal thing, but I love looking at my food peeking out of those glass jars. Mylar or Metalized Bags. These are heavy duty foil bags lined with a special plastic. Vacuum Sealed Bags (such as the Food Saver bags). While not as heavy as the Mylar, these are much easier to handle especially if you already have the Food Saver machine itself. Note, however, that vacuum sealed bags do tend to loose their seal over time although they should be good for up to 3 years. Plastic Buckets with Gamma Seals. These can be used 
While the bacteria on and in our best comprise a large number of cells (approx. 10 times as many as our own), they are relatively light. Based on [this]( _URL_1_), they are estimated to weigh anywhere from 2-9 pounds. In many ways we do work together, primarily in the digestive system, and not having important bacteria (like after a lot of antibiotic use) can really screw it up. One somewhat bizarre remedy for this is to... *ahem*... [reintroduce the bacteria using poop]( _URL_0_). Interesting stuff to say the least.
prop Definition of prop for English Language Learners : to support (something) by placing it against something else or by placing something under it PROP Defined for Kids
Cost of Living Cost of living indices are based on a US average of 100. An amount below 100 means Colorado is cheaper than the US average. A cost of living index above 100 means Colorado is more expensive. Overall, the cost of living in Colorado is 107.80.
I was diagnosed with Dyscalculia in grade school, but outgrew it in Highschool. AMA Dyscalculia is a learning disability comparable to dyslexia, but specific to math.

I had a very hard time with math in elementary school, which is when I had some tests and got the diagnosis. The trouble continued through middle school, but started to fade away as I got near the end of high school. Today I have a pretty good grasp of math, and enjoy reading /r/math.

I don't know whether my diagnosis was exactly correct. It's not an exact science, and some of the things in the official description didn't exactly apply to me. So... maybe this is more of a discussion of how people think about math. But... whatever. 

Any educators curious for insight into what it's like to suck at math?
Chuck Versus the Intersect "Chuck Versus the Intersect" is the pilot episode of the American action-comedy television series "Chuck". The episode was directed by McG and written by series co-creators Josh Schwartz and Chris Fedak. It originally aired on September 24, 2007.
PGA TOUR Superstore to enter Denver market PGA TOUR Superstore to enter Denver market March 07, 2011 PGA TOUR staff ROSWELL, Ga. -- PGA TOUR Superstores announced it is bringing its ultimate golf and tennis retailing experience to the Denver market, with the opening of a 50,000 square foot superstore in Greenwood Village. The store, located next to the Home Depot at 9451 East Arapahoe Road, is anticipated to open in May 2011. "We're looking forward to bringing our stores products, services and expertise to golfers in the Denver area," PGA TOUR Superstore President and CEO Dick Sullivan said. "Our new customers will quickly see that we are equipped to serve a broad range of golfers, with an emphasis on offering golf's best brands, fitting products to each customer's unique needs, and providing the broadest array of golf services. In a nutshell, we make it easy to get in, and stay in, the game. "The Greenwood Village store is PGA TOUR Superstore's 11th location. The company currently has three stores in metro Atlanta; two each in Dallas, Myrtle Beach and Phoenix; and one in Naples, Fla. The stores are owned and operated by Golf & Tennis Pro Shop, Inc., whose controlling owner and chairman is Arthur M. Blank, retired Home Depot co-founder and owner of the Atlanta Falcons. "We're excited about getting to know our new customers in Denver, which has a strong presence of golf and outdoor enthusiasts," Blank noted. "Beyond the extensive selection of products and services we offer, golf, tennis and fitness customers entering our store will find knowledgeable associates ready to help them with their needs. Our goal is to build relationships with our customers by providing a great customer experience in an inviting environment. "Inside the PGA TOUR Superstore, Denver customers will find the best golf brands in the industry, including Titleist, Taylor Made, Callaway, PING, Nike, Cobra, adidas, Foot Joy and Bridgestone. In addition, the store will carry a broad array of men's and women's golf apparel; a large selection of junior golf products; and a compelling assortment of tennis and fitness equipment, apparel and shoes, featuring Babolat, Wilson, Prince, Nike, adidas and Under Armour. The store will also provide a number of high-quality in-store services, including personalized golf lessons and group clinics by golf professionals; club and ball fittings; and club regripping, and reshafting. The store experience includes performance practice bays, hi-tech fitting and lesson simulators, a chipping area and a 2,000 square foot putting green, as well as a singles tennis court, on-site demos, professional tennis instruction, and racquet restringing. About PGA TOUR Superstore PGA TOUR Superstore is operated by Golf & Tennis Pro Shop, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of AMB Group, LLC, headquartered in Roswell, Georgia. As the PGA TOUR's exclusive off-course/off-airport retail partner, PGA TOUR Superstore provides customers with access to the same technology and expertise that card-carrying TOUR Pros use each week in the TOUR Vans that accompany them. All stores are staffed with teaching professionals and have multiple state-of-the-art swing simulators, practice hitting bays, a putting green, and a chipping area. There is also an in-house club making and repair facility. Many stores are equipped with a full-size tennis court and a tennis professional on staff for lessons and clinics. Along with equipment and accessories, PGA TOUR Superstore has an unmatched selection of men's, women's, and juniors' apparel and footwear for golf, tennis and fitness. For more information, visit www.pgatoursuperstore.com. 
They've only just begun to reach retirement age (those born in 1945-1948). When the majority are retired and pulling social security, this will be a more noticeable issue.
WCCW-FM WCCW-FM is an FM radio station broadcasting at 107.5 Megahertz in Traverse City, Michigan, United States. The station is owned by the Midwestern Broadcasting group, which to this day includes the family members of its original partners from the early 1940s, the Biedermans, Kikers and McClays.
Chapter 4723-17 Intravenous Therapy Courses for Licensed Practical Nurses (7) Place a venous access catheter, no longer than three inches in length, in the hand, forearm or antecubital space, followed by the placement of a saline or heparin lock, either for purposes of intermittent infusions, or to initiate infusions of any of the solutions set forth in paragraph (B)(1) of this rule; or.
Starting in the 1890s and stretching in some places to the early 1910s, gold rushes in Alaska and the nearby Yukon Territory brought thousands of miners and settlers to Alaska. Alaska was officially incorporated as an organized territory in 1912. Alaska's capital, which had been in Sitka until 1906, was moved north to Juneau. Construction of the Alaska Governor's Mansion began that same year. European immigrants from Norway and Sweden also settled in southeast Alaska, where they entered the fishing and logging industries.
An interesting article about this was posted on the BBC website a few days ago _URL_0_
Which spiral arm of the Milky Way contains our sun? Our galaxy is about 100,000 light-years wide. We’re about 25,000 light-years from the center of the galaxy. It turns out we’re not located in one of the Milky Way’s two primary spiral arms. Instead, we’re located in a minor arm of the galaxy. Our local spiral arm is sometimes Orion Arm, or sometimes the Orion Spur.It’s between the Sagittarius and Perseus Arms of the Milky Way. The image below shows it. Our sun is located the Orion Arm, or Orion Spur, of the Milky Way galaxy.It’s a minor spiral arm, located between two other arms. Image updated in 2010 by R. Hurt on Wikimedia Commons. Our local Orion Arm of the Milky Way is some 3,500 light years across.It’s approximately 10,000 light years in length. Our sun, the Earth, and all the other planets in our solar system reside within this Orion Arm. We’re located close to the inner rim of this spiral arm, about halfway along its length.ur local Orion Arm of the Milky Way is some 3,500 light years across. It’s approximately 10,000 light years in length. Our sun, the Earth, and all the other planets in our solar system reside within this Orion Arm. We’re located close to the inner rim of this spiral arm, about halfway along its length.
Jamestown, New York Jamestown is a city in southern Chautauqua County, New York, United States. The population was 31,146 at the 2010 census. Situated between Lake Erie to the northwest and the Allegheny National Forest to the south, Jamestown is the largest population center in the county. Nearby Chautauqua Lake is a freshwater resource used by fishermen, boaters and naturalists. Notable people from Jamestown include comedian Lucille Ball, U.S. Supreme Court justice and Nuremberg chief prosecutor Robert H. Jackson
Lisa Gets the Blues Lisa Gets the Blues "Lisa Gets the Blues" is the seventeenth episode of the twenty-ninth season of the animated television series "The Simpsons", and the 635th episode of the series overall. It aired in the United States on Fox on April 22, 2018. The episode was dedicated in memory of R. Lee Ermey who had guest starred twice on the show as Colonel Leslie "Hap" Hapablap in the episodes "Sideshow Bob's Last Gleaming" and "Waiting for Duffman". He died on April 15, 2018. Beginning after part of the intro, Mr. Largo discourages Lisa from playing the saxophone on the account
How Pork Rinds Are Made (VIDEO) How Pork Rinds Are Made (VIDEO) In case you haven't gotten enough behind-the-scenes industrial food production footage from Food, Inc., we've got a video for you. Highlights include flying pig pellets, food coloring talk, and large vats of lard. Don't say we didn't warn you.
MRI of the Thoracic Spine MRI of the Thoracic Spine. A doctor or physician may order an MRI scan of the spine to take pictures of the thoracic spine. The thoracic spine is comprised of twelve vertebral bodies that make up the mid-region of the spine.
Battle Sheep Battle Sheep is a 2010 board game developed by Francesco Rotta. It has been published by Blue Orange Games, HUCH! & friends and Lautapelit.fi.
A typical car has a higher terminal velocity than a human, but that's not relevant when the human is in the entrained air being dragged along by the car. If the two were falling side by side, the car would overtake the human. However, if the car was falling upright at terminal velocity without tumbling, the human could sit in it normally.
Perceiving and remembering speech depend on multifractal nonlinearity in movements producing and exploring speech Speech perception and memory for speech require active engagement. Gestural theories have emphasized mainly the effect of speakers movements on speech perception. They fail to address the effects of listener movement, focusing on communication as a boundary condition constraining movement among interlocutors. The present work attempts to break new ground by using multifractal geometry of physical movement as a common currency for supporting both sides of the speaker-listener dyads. Participants self-paced their listening to a narrative, after which they completed a test of memory querying their narrative comprehension and their ability to recognize words from the story. The multifractal evidence of nonlinear interactions across timescales predicted the fluency of speech perception. Self-pacing movements that enabled listeners to control the presentation of speech sounds constituted a rich exploratory process. The multifractal nonlinearity of this exploration supported several aspects of memory for the perceived spoken language. These findings extend the role of multifractal geometry in the speakers movements to the narrative case of speech perception. In addition to posing novel basic research questions, these findings make a compelling case for calibrating multifractal structure in text-to-speech synthesizers for better perception and memory of speech.
Adequate Yearly Progress Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) is a measurement defined by the United States federal No Child Left Behind Act that allows the U.S. Department of Education to determine how every public school and school district in the country is performing academically according to results on standardized tests.
An antiparticle is just like a regular particle, but with opposite charge.
Who Discovered Electricity? Although it is possible to trace the history of the harnessing of electrical power and identify the people responsible for various breakthroughs along the way, it is difficult to put a name to the person who first discovered electricity. Very early in human history, people would have witnessed lightning, an obvious natural manifestation, but would have been unable to explain it. The known history of electricity goes back to at least 620-550 BCE, when, in ancient Greece, it was found that rubbing fur on amber caused an attraction between the two. This discovery is credited to the philosopher Thales of Miletus. It was to be many centuries before anyone was able to connect this phenomenon with lightning, and a century more before electrical currents were put to practical use. Early Experiments By the 17th century, many electricity-related discoveries had been made, such as the invention of an early electrostatic generator, the differentiation between positive and negative charges, and the classification of materials as conductors or insulators. In the year 1600, English physician William Gilbert first made the connection between the attraction of oppositely charged objects and magnetism. He coined the term electric, from the Greek elektron — meaning amber — to identify the force that certain substances exert when rubbed against each other. Benjamin Franklin Benjamin Franklin is perhaps the name most associated with electricity. In 1750, he sought to prove that lightning was caused by electricity by describing an experiment in which an electrical conductor would be used to extract power from a thundercloud. It seems that before he was able to carry this out, a French experimenter named Thomas-Francois Dalibard, who had read Fraklin’s writings on the subject, successfully obtained an electrical discharge from a thundercloud using a 40 foot (12.2 meter) metal pole in May 1752. Franklin is credited with carrying out a similar experiment in June of that year, in which he flew a kite with a metal key attached to it into a suitable cloud. The precise historical details are unclear, but he may have then retrieved the key and discharged electricity from it. While it is not clear exactly when, how, or even if, Franklin actually carried out his lightning experiment, he is rightly credited with the idea behind it. The relationship between lighting and electricity having been confirmed, he went on to invent the lightning rod, a metal pole that safely conducts electricity away from a building during a thunderstorm. Franklin observed and documented other electrical phenomena, but it was left to others to determine the true nature of electricity and harness its power. Galvani, Volta and the Invention of the Battery The Italian scientists Luigi Galvani and Alessandro Volta both played a role in the development of the first battery in the late 18 th and early 19 th centuries. In 1780, Galvani discovered what he called “animal electricity” when he found that a frog’s leg would contract if connected to two different metals. Volta later demonstrated that the “animal” part was unnecessary, and that pairs of different metals, such as zinc and copper, could produce a current if immersed in an electrolyte, such as salt water. This device is known as a galvanic cell. Volta went on to create a “ voltaic pile ” consisting of alternate layers of copper and zinc separated by paper soaked in salt water. This generated a larger current and is credited as the first battery. These devices work because zinc has a greater tendency to lose electrons than the copper, so that when they are connected by an electrolyte, electrons will flow from one to the other, forming a galvanic cell. A series of galvanic cells connected together, as in a voltaic pile, makes up a battery. It has been theorized that an artifact discovered in Iraq, and thought to date from sometime between 224 and 640 CE, might have been a type of battery. It consisted of small terracotta pot containing a copper tube surrounding an iron rod. If filled with an electrolyt
Cock Robin mysteries, to cartoons. Cock Robin "Who Killed Cock Robin" is an English nursery rhyme, which has been much used as a murder archetype in world culture. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 494. The earliest record of the rhyme is in "Tommy Thumb's Pretty Song Book", published c. 1744, which noted only the first four verses. The extended version given below was not printed until c. 1770. The rhyme has often been reprinted with illustrations, as suitable reading material for small children. The rhyme also has an alternative ending, in which the sparrow who killed cock robin
Would You Like Fries With That? How to Increase Revenue, Improve the Customer Experience with Upselling Upselling and cross-selling is the art and science of introducing customers to better and complementary products to what they are currently interested in. According to one Forrester research analyst, 10-30% of ecommerce revenues come from upselling and cross-selling.
Does HTML5 work in a .hta file?
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Tom Holland (author) Tom Holland (author)From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Tom Holland Born 1968 Wiltshire, England Occupation Author Language English Citizenship British Alma mater University of Cambridge, Queens' College, Cambridge Genre Literary fiction, Nonfiction, History Notable works Persian Fire Rubicon In the Shadow of the Sword Millenium Websitetom-holland.org/Thomas " Tom " Holland (born 1968) is an English writer and popular historian, who has published several non-academic works on classical and medieval history. In addition to his writing work, he has worked with BBC to create two TV documentaries also focusing on history. Contents [ hide ]1 Biography1.1 Early life1.2 Career1.3 Views1.3.1 Politics1.3.2 Islam2 Personal life3 Books3.1 Series3.2 Novels3.3 Short fiction3.4 Plays3.5 Non-fiction3.6 Translation4 References5 External links Biography [ edit]Early life [ edit]Holland was born in Oxfordshire and brought up in the village of Broadchalke near Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. He was educated at Queens' College, Cambridge, [1] where he obtained a double First in English and Latin. [2]. Career [ edit]In 2004, he was awarded the Hessell-Tiltman Prize, awarded to the best work of non-fiction of historical content, for his book Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic. [3]In 2005, James Buchan reviewed Persian Fire positively for The Guardian newspaper, [4] while Paul Cartledge, a professor of Greek history at Cambridge University recommended it for The Independent thus: "If Persian Fire does not win the Samuel Johnson Prize, there is no justice in this world." [5] Writing in the Sunday Telegraph, historian Dominic Sandbrook reported it as "riveting" and praised the "enormous strengths" of the author. [6]In February 2011, he presented and wrote Dinosaurs, Myths and Monsters, a BBC Four television programme exploring the influence of fossils on mythology. [7]In August 2012, he produced a documentary for Channel 4 television entitled Islam: The Untold Story, [8] which provoked what Holland described as "a firestorm of death threats" against him. [9] Contributors included Professor Patricia Crone. The programme generated more than 1,000 complaints received by Ofcom and Channel 4. [10] [11] A planned screening of Islam: The Untold Story before an audience of historians was cancelled, due to security concerns raised from threats received by Holland as a result of the documentary. Iranian State media called it an insult to Islam and the Islamic Education and Research Academy (IERA) accused Holland of making “baseless assumptions” and engaging in “selective scholarship”. [12] [13] His book on Islam In the Shadow of the Sword was criticized by Glen Bowersock of the Guardian of being written in "a swashbuckling style that aims more to unsettle his readers than to instruct them," and devoid of quality. [14]Views [ edit]Politics [ edit]In August 2014, Holland was one of 200 public figures who were signatories to a letter to The Guardian opposing Scottish independence in the run-up to September's referendum on that issue. [15]Islam [ edit]In March 2015, Holland published a piece entitled "We must not deny the religious roots of Islamic State" in the New Statesman. It argued that the jihadis of ISIS call themselves Islamic and people like Mehdi Hasan ought not to deny it, as he had in the previous week's issue. Holland wrote that "It is not merely coincidence that ISIS currently boasts a caliph, imposes quranically mandated taxes, topples idols, chops the hands off thieves, stones adulterers, executes homosexuals and carries a flag that bears the Muslim declaration of faith." [16] In May 2015, Holland gave the inaugural Christopher Hitchens Lecture at the Hay Festival, in which he addressed the subject of De-Radicalising Muhammad. [17] In an interview he gave to the literary website Quadrapheme the following month he explained that he wanted the lecture to promote discussion of the way Muhammad 's life is interpreted, arguing that his "mythos lies at the core of what is pernicious in the goings-on 
- Weighted Average Expense Ratio. Because net expense ratios are usually weighted the same for both small and large funds, they are calculated using a simple formula based only on overall expenses as a percentage of net assets.
- Carlisle, Arkansas is located in Lonoke County. Zip codes in Carlisle, AR include 72024. The median home price in Carlisle is $12 which is roughly $78/per square foot. More Carlisle information.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
In this paper, we present TeleHuman, a cylindrical 3D display portal for life-size human telepresence. The TeleHuman 3D videoconferencing system supports 360 degree motion parallax as the viewer moves around the cylinder and optionally, stereoscopic 3D display of the remote person. We evaluated the effect of perspective cues on the conveyance of nonverbal cues in two experiments using a one-way telecommunication version of the system. The first experiment focused on how well the system preserves gaze and hand pointing cues. The second experiment evaluated how well the system conveys 3D body postural information. We compared 3 perspective conditions: a conventional 2D view, a 2D view with 360 degree motion parallax, and a stereoscopic view with 360 degree motion parallax. Results suggest the combined presence of motion parallax and stereoscopic cues significantly improved the accuracy with which participants were able to assess gaze and hand pointing cues, and to instruct others on 3D body poses. The inclusion of motion parallax and stereoscopic cues also led to significant increases in the sense of social presence and telepresence reported by participants.
- Wound Management. Wound Management is a supplier of medical supplies to long term care facilities, acute care facilities, and patients at home. The purpose of our website is to provide information to our customers and prospective customers.ound Management is a supplier of medical supplies to long term care facilities, acute care facilities, and patients at home.
The Bog People by Peter Glob studies this exact subject. Its an older book (published in 1965) so it may be out of date, but it's an interesting read nonetheless.
The England national football team represents England and the Crown Dependencies of Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man for football matches as part of FIFA-authorised events, and is controlled by The Football Association, the governing body for football in England. England are one of the two oldest national teams in football; alongside Scotland, whom they played in the world's first international football match in 1872. England's home ground is Wembley Stadium, London, and the current team manager is Roy Hodgson.
What Is a Parcel of Land? Quick Answer. A parcel of land is a measured portion or area of land. A parcel is defined by Dictionary.com as a distinct, continuous portion or tract of land and a part, portion or fragment.. Continue Reading.
If the closest star to sun 'proxima centauri' exoplodes as a supernova, the radiation reaching us will be the sixth of what we are constantly receiving from the sun, so basically no there is no close supernovas candidates.
This comment is not toxic.
In Stranger Things, what is the Upside Down?
SectionsPlayoffs Scores News video Stats Schedule Players NHL.TV App Tickets Fantasy Shop Teams EN Entry Draft Eligibility All players age 19 or older [(i) any player who will be age 18 on or before September 15 in the year in which such Entry Draft is held, or (ii) reaches his 19th birthday between September 16 and December 31, both dates included, next following Entry Draft, can attain eligibility by delivering to the League a written notice (Opt in Form) prior to the later of May 1, or seven days following the date such player finishes competing on his team in the year in which such ...
Reply to "Comment on Renormalization group picture of the Lifshitz
  critical behaviors"
11 Homes for Sale in Laguna Beach, FL VIEW ALL Coldwell Banker Careers English English Chinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)Spanish Portuguese French German Italian Russian Japanese Turkish Thai USDUnited States Dollar Canadian Dollar United Arab Emirates Dirham Australian Dollar Aruban Florin Bermudan Dollar Brazilian Real Bahamian Dollar Swiss Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colon Czech Republic Koruna Danish Krone Dominican Peso Egyptian Pound Euro Fijian Dollar British Pound Sterling Guatemalan Quetzal Hong Kong Dollar Honduran Lempira Hungarian Forint Indonesian Rupiah Israeli New Sheqel Indian Rupee Icelandic Krona Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen South Korean Won Kuwaiti Dinar Cayman Islands Dollar Lebanese Pound Latvian Lats Mexican Peso Malaysian Ringgit Norwegian Krone New Zealand Dollar Panamanian Balboa Peruvian Nuevo Sol Philippine Peso Pakistani Rupee Polish Zloty Romanian Leu Serbian Dinar Russian Ruble Saudi Riyal Swedish Krona Singapore Dollar Thai Baht Turkish Lira New Taiwan Dollar Venezuelan Bolivar Fuerte Vietnamese Dong South African Rand Login or Create Account CREATE AN ACCOUNTWhy create an account? Whether you are selling a home or searching for one, creating an account allows access to features like saved searches, photo uploading, and more. CREATE ACCOUNTLOGIN Already have an account? LOGIN|Sign in with Facebook Are you an agent? Click here.facebookpinteresttwitteryoutubegoogleplus 
After fans noticed Mercury's increasingly gaunt appearance in 1988, rumours began to spread that Mercury was suffering from AIDS. Mercury flatly denied this, insisting he was merely "exhausted" and too busy to provide interviews. The band decided to continue making albums, starting with The Miracle in 1989 and continuing with Innuendo in 1991. Despite his deteriorating health, the lead singer continued to contribute. For the last two albums made while Mercury was still alive, the band credited all songs to Queen, rather than specific members of the group, freeing them of internal conflict and differences. In 1990, Queen ended their contract with Capitol and signed with Disney's Hollywood Records, which has since remained the group's music catalogue owner in the United States and Canada. That same year, Mercury made his final public appearance when he joined the rest of Queen to collect the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to British Music.
How can I detox from meth quickly?
Guam From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the Territory of Guam. For the international organization, see GUAM Organization for Democracy and Economic Development. Territory of Guam Guåhån ( Chamorro)Flag Seal Motto: "Tano I' Man Chamorro" "Land of the Chamorros"Anthem: " Fanohge Chamoru " "Stand Ye Guamanians" " The Star-Spangled Banner "Status Unincorporated and organized territory Capital Hagåtña Largest city Dededo Official languages English Chamorro Ethnic groups (2015 [1])37.3% Chamorro26.3% Filipino9.4% Multiracial7.1% White7.0% Chuukese4.6% Other2.2% Korean1.6% Chinese1.6% Palauan1.5% Japanese1.4% Pohnpeian Religion (2010 [2]) 75% Roman Catholic 17.7% Protestant 1.7% Unaffiliated 5.6% Other religions Demonym Guamanian Sovereign state United States Government Territorial presidentialconstitutional republic•President Donald Trump ( R)•Governor Eddie Baza Calvo ( R)•Lieutenant Governor Ray Tenorio ( R)•Delegate Madeleine Bordallo ( D)Legislature Legislature of Guam Unincorporated and Organized Territory of the United States• Part of Spanish East Indies April 27, 1565•Capture of Guam June 20, 1898•First Battle of Guam December 8, 1941• Part of Empire of Japan December 11, 1941•Second Battle of Guam July 21, 1944Area• Total 210 sq mi (540 km 2) ( n/a)• Water (%) negligible Population• 2016 estimate 162,742 [1] ( n/a)• 2010 census 159,358 [1]• Density 775/sq mi (299.2/km 2) ( n/a)GDP ( PPP) 2013 estimate• Total $4.88 billion [1] ( n/a)• Per capita $30,500 [1] ( n/a)HDI (2008) 0.901 [3]very high Currency United States dollar ( USD)Time zone Chamorro Standard Time ( UTC +10)Date format MM/DD/YYYYDrives on the right Calling code +1-671ISO 3166 code GUInternet TLD .gu Websiteguam.gov Guam ( / ˈ ɡ w ɑː m / ( listen); Chamorro: Guåhån [ˈɡʷɑhɑn]) is an unincorporated and organized territory of the United States in Micronesia in the western Pacific Ocean. [4] [5] The capital city of Guam is Hagåtña and the most populous city is Dededo. The inhabitants of Guam are called Guamanians, and they are American citizens by birth. Indigenous Guamanians are the Chamorros, who are related to other Austronesian natives to the west in the Philippines and Taiwan. In 2016, 162,742 people resided on Guam. Guam has an area of 210 square miles (540 km 2) and a population density of 775 per square mile (299/km 2 ). In Oceania, it is the largest and southernmost of the Mariana Islands and the largest island in Micronesia. Among its municipalities, Mongmong-Toto-Maite has the highest population density at 3,691 per square mile (1,425/km 2 ), whereas Inarajan and Umatac have the lowest density at 119 per square mile (46/km 2 ). The highest point is Mount Lamlam at 1,332 feet (406 m) above sea level. Since the 1960s, the economy has been supported by two industries: tourism and the United States Armed Forces. [6]The indigenous Chamorros settled the island approximately 4,000 years ago. Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan, while in the service of Spain, was the first European to visit the island on March 6, 1521. Guam was colonized by Spain in 1668 with settlers, including Diego Luis de San Vitores, a Catholic Jesuit missionary. Between the 16th century and the 18th century, Guam was an important stopover for the Spanish Manila Galleons. During the Spanish–American War, the United States captured Guam on June 21, 1898. Under the Treaty of Paris, Spain ceded Guam to the United States on December 10, 1898. Guam is among the seventeen non-self-governing territories listed by the United Nations. [7]Before World War II, there were five American jurisdictions in the Pacific Ocean: Guam and Wake Island in Micronesia, American Samoa and Hawaii in Polynesia, and the Philippines in the Malay Archipelago of Southeast Asia. On December 7, 1941, hours after the attack on Pearl Harbor, Guam was captured by the Japanese, who occupied the island for two and a half years. During the occupation, Guamanians were subjected to beheadings, forced labor, rape, and torture. [8] [9] [10] American forces recaptured the island on July 
Are Newts Poisonous? Are Newts Poisonous? Newts are generally a safe pet, however there are a few species that are known to carry salmonella, and other species are in fact poisonous, but only if consumed. The brightly colored bellies of a newt are one way to tip a person off to their toxicity. However you are not really at risk unless you plan to do something dumb like lick or eat the newt. In which case, you would notice a horrible burning sensation and most likely experience vomiting. We know this information thanks to a few drunken idiots who have eaten newts in the past. However this is really no laughing matter, do not be mistaken a newt’s poison is enough to kill you. Within 20 minutes to three hours of ingesting a newt one will typically begin experiencing symptoms of toxic effects. These may appear as hypertension, respiratory paralysis, and nerve unresponsiveness. Less extreme responses may include numbness and/or tingling. Though paralyzed, victims of this toxicity will still remain conscious and is caused by site specific binding of TTX to voltage gated sodium ion channels in the nervous tissues. Any binding extracellular pore opening of this channel inactivates it, blocking sodium ion flow. Those with extreme doses of TTX can expect cardiac arrhythmia to occur and as a secondary effect of this toxicity, is the inability of brain cells to receive oxygen properly. This results in a lightheaded feeling and overall weakness. The only recommendation for treatment in this case is assisted respiration. In general, it is safe to keep newts as pet as long as nobody is eating them. The newt will not be able to hurt you or its tank mates unless ingested. It is especially important to not keep newts as pets around children, other animals, or drunken idiots. If you know somebody who ingests a newt then the poison control center should be contacted immediately and/or they should be driven to an emergency room to seek treatment. This is a very serious matter. Home › Amphibians › Newts › Are Newts Poisonous? 
It all goes back to genetics. As humans, we all share 99.99% of DNA, but look at how different that percentage of a percentage point makes in us. Different skin colors, hair, eye color, etc. These are just major outwardly appearances.  Now think of how different we are in the micro level. The proteins our bodies produce in both type and rate, enzymes, rate we metabolize anything. Since drugs directly react with our bodies at this level, any minor difference can create huge differences in what a particular drug will do to our body. Our lack of knowledge on how our genetics relate to our physical make up make it hard for us to make drugs...nay impossible to make drugs that will work on everyone. Eventually, with better genetic information we can predict with better accuracy how each person will react to a specific drug and create drugs that are more targeted and more safe.
What is a postal order number and how is it used?
Do You Know... Methadone Methadone belongs to the opioid family of drugs. It is used most commonly to treat addiction to other opioid drugs such as heroin, oxycodone (e.g., OxyContin) and hydromorphone (e.g., Dilaudid). Methadone is a “synthetic” opioid, which means that it is made from chemicals in a lab.
Passive discouragement and less supportive senior colleagues: What should I do? I am a budding scientist (27 years old, Doctoral candidate) and a lecturer at a university. In the early stage of my career, I have achieved some significant milestones in my field. However, sometimes I experience that my senior colleagues at the university where I work as a lecturer aren't supportive of my ideas: regardless how 'brilliant' they are, they tend to not listen and discredit when I share ideas. Instead, they tend to be more interested in other older colleagues that share the same ideas as mine.
There are times that when I publish my work and share it with them; instead of discussing it, they will ignore it and as if it didn't exist. It's quite difficult to deal with and sometimes I feel discouraged, even though I know I shouldn't, but there are times when it really consumes you.
Why do people lie and why is that bad?
Deletion of Rap-Phr systems in Bacillus subtilis influences in vitro biofilm formation and plant root colonization
Thawing Meat After thawing in the refrigerator, ground meat should be used as soon as possible. Once meat has been frozen and thawed, it will deteriorate more rapidly than if it had never been frozen. Whole meat cuts (chops, roasts) will remain useable for another 3-5 days in the refrigerator before cooking.
How to Get Rid of Toenail Fungus How to Get Rid of Toenail Fungus (133)Prev 1 of 3 Next Toenail fungus, also known as onychomycosis, is a very common problem. Symptoms include inflammation, swelling, yellowing, thickening or crumbling of the nail. It is usually not painful, unless the infection spreads. The fungus tends to thrive under certain conditions, such as abnormal p H levels of the skin, a weakened immune system, continuous exposure to a moist environment including sweaty shoes and socks, poor hygiene and diabetes. If left untreated, toenail fungus can cause cracking, splitting and even complete loss of the toenail. The good news is that toenail fungus is curable and can be treated inexpensively. Various natural home remedies can cure the infection in one or two months. Here are the top 10 ways to get rid of toenail fungus. If the condition is painful or spreading further then do consult your doctor.1. Apple Cider Vinegar Use Apple Cider Vinegar to Treat Toenail Fungus Apple cider vinegar is mildly acidic and can help prevent toenail fungus from spreading. At the same time, it kills bacteria and fungi. Use Apple Cider Vinegar to Treat Toenail Fungus Mix equal parts of apple cider vinegar and water. Soak your toenail in this solution for 30 minutes daily. When done, dry your toenail thoroughly. When used daily for a few weeks, you will notice improvement very quickly. Another option is make an antifungal exfoliating scrub by some coarsely ground rice flour with a few spoons of apple cider vinegar. Apply this paste on and around the affected nail and gently scrub the area. Do this a few times a week. This remedy will also help get rid of dead skin cells and keep your skin soft.2. Tea Tree Oil Tea tree oil has antiseptic as well as antifungal properties that help a lot in the treatment of toenail fungus. This oil is also used to treat other kinds of skin infections. Mix a few drops of tea tree oil in one teaspoon of olive oil or coconut oil. Use a cotton ball to apply the mixture on the affected toenail. Leave it on for 10 minutes, and then use a toothbrush to gently scrub the affected nail. Do this two or three times daily until you are satisfied with the results.3. Baking Soda Baking soda is a readily available staple in most kitchens that can also be used to cure toenail fungus. It will also help neutralize foot odor. Add one-half cup of baking soda, one-fourth cup of 3% hydrogen peroxide and one-half cup of Epsom salt to four cups of hot water. Mix the ingredients thoroughly, and then add one-fourth cup of white vinegar to it. Soak the affected toenail in this solution for about 10 minutes. Wash with clean water and dry your foot thoroughly. Repeat the process twice daily for several weeks.4. White Vinegar White vinegar is one of the best ingredients for treating toenail fungus because it fights the infection and helps restore the skin’s p H. Mix one part of white vinegar with two parts of warm water. Soak the affected toenail in this solution for 10 to 15 minutes. Rinse it off and dry the affected area thoroughly. Repeat twice daily until the fungus is gone. Note: If your skin becomes irritated, add more water to the solution and repeat the process every other day instead of daily.5. Oil of Oregano Oil of oregano has antiseptic, antibacterial, antiparasitic, antiviral, analgesic and antifungal properties. This makes oregano oil an effective treatment for toenail fungus. Mix two drops of oil of oregano in one teaspoon of olive oil. Apply this mixture on the affected. Leave it on for at least 30 minutes. Then, rinse it off and dry your toes thoroughly. Repeat once or twice daily for three weeks to see positive results.6. Listerine Mouthwash Listerine mouthwash, which kills bacteria and germs in the mouth, can also be used to treat toenail fungus. The mouthwash has several compounds as well as alcohol that act as a strong antiseptic to keep away harmful bacteria and fungi. Fill a small tub with Listerine mouthwash, or a combination of equal parts of Listerine and white vinegar. Soak the affected foot in this solut
Play the music.
A quick answer is that people were nomadic for a very long time. When agriculture was adopted and people were staying in one place, systems had to develop for living together.   Agriculture began around 10,000 BCE, relatively shortly before permanent settlements began appearing, such as Jericho.
IBM Personal Computer From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"IBM PC" redirects here. For general IBM-like PCs, see IBM PC compatible. IBM Personal Computer with IBM CGA monitor (model number 5153), IBM PC keyboard, IBM 5152 printer and paper stand. (1988)Type Personal computer Release date August 12, 1981; 36 years ago Discontinued April 2, 1987; 31 years ago Operating system IBM BASIC / PC DOS 1.0CP/M-86UCSD p-System CPU Intel 8088 @ 4.77 MHz Memory 16 k B – 256 k BSound 1-channel square-wave/1-bit digital ( PWM -capable)Predecessor IBM Datamaster Successor IBM Personal Computer XTIBM PCjr IBM Portable Personal Computer IBM Personal Computer/ATIBM PC Convertible The IBM Personal Computer, commonly known as the IBM PC, is the original version and progenitor of the IBM PC compatible hardware platform. It is IBM model number 5150, and was introduced on August 12, 1981. It was created by a team of engineers and designers under the direction of Don Estridge of the IBM Entry Systems Division in Boca Raton, Florida. The generic term personal computer was in use before 1981, applied as early as 1972 to the Xerox PARC 's Alto, but because of the success of the IBM Personal Computer, the term "PC" came to mean more specifically a desktop microcomputer compatible with IBM's Personal Computer branded products. Within a short time of the introduction, third-party suppliers of peripheral devices, expansion cards, and software proliferated; the influence of the IBM PC on the personal computer market was substantial in standardizing a platform for personal computers. "IBM compatible" became an important criterion for sales growth; after the 1980s, only the Apple Macintosh family kept a significant share of the microcomputer market without compatibility with the IBM personal computer. Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 Rumors1.2 Too late?1.3 Predecessors1.4 Project Chess1.5 Open standards1.6 Debut1.6.1 The Little Tramp1.7 Third-party products1.8 Reaction1.9 Success1.10 Domination2 IBM PC as standard3 Third-party distribution4 Models4.1 Original PC4.2 XT4.3 XT/3704.4 PCjr4.5 Portable4.6 AT4.7 AT/3704.8 Convertible4.9 Next-generation IBM PS/25 Technology5.1 Electronics5.2 Peripheral integrated circuits5.3 Joystick port5.4 Keyboard5.5 Character set5.6 Storage media5.6.1 Cassette tape5.6.2 Floppy diskettes5.6.3 Fixed disks5.6.4 OS support5.7 BIOS5.8 Video output5.9 Serial port addresses and interrupts5.10 Printer port6 Reception7 Longevity8 Collectability9 See also10 Notes11 References12 Further reading13 External links History [ edit]Rumors [ edit]International Business Machines (IBM), one of the world's largest companies, had a 62% share of the mainframe computer market in 1981. [1] In the late 1970s the new personal computer industry was dominated by the Commodore PET, Atari 8-bit family, Apple II, Tandy Corporation 's TRS-80, and various CP/M machines. [2] With $150 million in sales by 1979 and projected annual growth of more than 40% in the early 1980s, the microcomputer market was large enough for IBM's attention. Other large technology companies such as Hewlett-Packard (HP), Texas Instruments (TI), and Data General had entered it, and some large IBM customers were buying Apples, [3] [4] [5] so the company saw introducing its own personal computer as both an experiment in a new market and a defense against rivals, large and small. [6] [7]In 1980 and 1981 rumors spread of an IBM personal computer, perhaps a miniaturized version of the IBM System/370, [8] while Matsushita acknowledged that it had discussed with IBM the possibility of manufacturing a personal computer for the American company. [9] The Japanese project, codenamed "Go", ended before the 1981 release of the American-designed IBM PC codenamed "Chess", but two simultaneous projects further confused rumors about the forthcoming product. [10]Too late? [ edit]Data General and TI's small computers were not very successful, [5] but observers expected AT&T to soon enter the computer industry, and other large companies such as Exxon, Montgomery Ward, Pentel, and Sony were
What should TAs do if students disrespect them? TAs are responsible for answering students' questions. But sometimes there are bad-mannered students who don't treat the TA with respect during the interaction. Should TAs just take it and still answer students with patience? Otherwise, they may be complained about by students. Or do TAs have a right to ask students to behave politely before answering them, or to just simply refuse to meet them?
Sunrio, electronic products, LED TV’s, online electronics, electronics shopping store, electronics price, electronics shopping at Ameerpet.
The Good Witch was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake, Ontario in Canada. In the sequel, "The Good Witch's Charm", the map on the wall in the police station shows Middleton located northwest of Chicago, in the vicinity of DuPage County. The names of the suburbs and interstates that are west of Chicago can be clearly seen. The movie had great success on Hallmark Channel on the night of its premiere, making it the second-highest-rated original movie to that date. It premiered with a 3.8 HH (household) rating and was in nearly 3.2 million homes. It also was #1 in its
- For the patio installation, the typical costs include: 1  According to PaveTech, the average concrete patio will cost around $700 using pavers and doing all of the work independently.2  The above figures place the patio installation at $21 per square foot.or the patio installation, the typical costs include: 1  According to PaveTech, the average concrete patio will cost around $700 using pavers and doing all of the work independently.
How and where can one buy bitcoins?
Where do giraffes come from? Giraffes live in only one continent- Africa. They are found between the countries of Chad (which is in Central Africa) and South Africa. They live in savannas, grassland or open woodland. They enjoy roaming through both dense forests and open plains.
The Outsiders (novel) in 1965, but this is never explicitly stated in the book. A film adaptation was produced in 1983, and a little-known short-lived television series appeared in 1990, picking up where the movie left off. A stage adaptation was written by Christopher Sergel and published in 1990. Ponyboy Curtis, a teenaged member of a loose gang of "greasers", is leaving a movie theater when he is jumped by "Socs", the greasers' rival gang. Several greasers, including Ponyboy's two older brothers—the paternal Darry and the popular Sodapop—come to his rescue. The next night, Ponyboy and two greaser friends, the hardened Dally and
How do I cancel a transfer?
Can you please add a description to your post to clarify a little bit more what you mean?
A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes has stated he will not return to direct the next 007 film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will again portray Bond.
Regex only capturing last instance of capture group in match
- Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: A colloquialism is a word, phrase or paralanguage that is employed in conversational or informal language but not in formal speech or formal writing. Dictionaries often display colloquial words and phrases with the abbreviation colloq. as an identifier.
Medusa Medusa In Greek mythology, Medusa (; Μέδουσα "guardian, protectress") was a monster, a Gorgon, generally described as a winged human female with living venomous snakes in place of hair. Those who gazed upon her face would turn to stone. Most sources describe her as the daughter of Phorcys and Ceto, though the author Hyginus makes her the daughter of Gorgon and Ceto. According to Hesiod and Aeschylus, she lived and died on an island named Sarpedon, somewhere near Cisthene. The 2nd-century BCE novelist Dionysios Skytobrachion puts her somewhere in Libya, where Herodotus had said the Berbers originated her myth, as
Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle 1995 film; Karen Gillan was announced as part of the cast. On September 20, Ser'Darius Blain was cast as Anthony "Fridge" Johnson and Madison Iseman as Bethany Walker. Two days later, Rhys Darby was cast as Nigel Billingsley, Morgan Turner as Martha Kaply, and Alex Wolff as Spencer Gilpin. In November 2016, Bobby Cannavale announced his casting in the film, and in December 2016, Tim Matheson joined the cast as Old Man Vreeke. Principal photography began on September 19, 2016, in Honolulu, Hawaii, primarily at the Kualoa Ranch nature reserve. The film wrapped on December 8 in Atlanta, Georgia. James
A possible complication of a concussion is a brain bleed. They keep you overnight at the hospital to make sure that this doesn't happen. It's not exactly bad for you to sleep on a concussion, but it is bad to sleep if your brain is bleeding. Because you might not wake up.
Nadaswaram is part of the family of instruments known as "mangala vadyam" (lit. "mangala" ["auspicious"], "vadya" ["instrument"]). The instrument is usually played in pairs, and accompanied by a pair of drums called "thavil"; it can also be accompanied with a drone from a similar oboe called the ottu. Nadaswaram is referred in many ancient Tamil texts. Silappatikaram refers to an instrument called "vangiyam". The structure of this instrument matches that of Nadaswaram. Since there are seven holes played with seven fingers this was also called as "Ezhil". This instrument, too, is widely played in Tamil Nadu and popular among the Tamil
2016 Best Portable Vaporizer: According to The Vape Critic, the best vaporizer temperature for marijuana/thc vaporization is approximately 365°F (185°C) , but is better thought of as a range between 355°-385°F (180°-195°C). Go to VapeCritic.com for expert reviews of the top rated vaporizers.
Electromigration of Single-Layer Clusters
Liverwort Classification and Physical Appearance General Information on Liverworts. The Marchantiophyta is a category of bryophyte plants which are commonly known as hepatics or liverworts. Each of its cells carry a single group of genetic information ready for the reproduction.here are approximately 6000 – 8000 species of liverwort in total, however, scientists believe that once they take further research into the Neo-tropical regions (Mexican plateau including Central and South America and the West Indies), the number of liverwort species will increase to 10,000.
Cub Scout Pack and Den Ideas Cub Scout Pack and Den Ideas Since 1930, the Boy Scouts of America has helped youth of cub scouts age. Parents, leaders, and organizations work together to achieve the 10 purposes of Cub Scouting: Character Development Spiritual Growth Good Citizenship Sportsmanship & Fitness Family Understanding Respectful Relationships Personal Achievement Friendly Service Fun & Adventure Preparation for Boy Scouts The Cub Scouts of America colors are blue and gold. They have special meaning, which will help youth see beyond the fun of Cub Scouting to its ultimate goals. The blue stands for truth and spirituality, steadfast loyalty, and the sky above. The gold stands for warm sunlight, good cheer and happiness. As a youth begins the Boy Scout Trail, he or she joins other boys or girls the same age. A youth can start the scouting program from 5 (starting kindergarten) to 17 years old. The Bobcat rank is the first rank earned by Cub Scouts, no matter which grade they begin scouting, except for kindergarten Lion Scouts. After earning the Bobcat rank, the youth then begins earning an age-base rank. The Cub Scout age program is for kindergarten through 3rd graders - Lion scouts, Tiger scouts, Wolf scouts, and Bear scouts. After completing Bear scout requirements, scouts begin their Webelos program, and finish Cub Scouting with the Arrow of Light. How to Join: Go to Be AScout.org Click the 'Cub Scouts' tab. Enter your zipcode and click the arrow button. Click on a Pack near you to see its contact info so you can call the Pack or your local Council about joining. Complete a BSA Youth Application and Health Record and give them to the Cubmaster of the Pack you choose. The Cub Scout program has an Organizational Structure that puts boys into groups called dens with recommended size of from 6 to 8 scouts. Dens of boys in a community form a pack which is part of a district. Districts combine to make a council - see this page for organization details. More Cub Scout Information to Use: Cub Scouts - information about the cub scout program Bobcat Info - any grade Tiger Info - 1st grade Wolf Info - 2nd grade Bear Info - 3rd grade Webelos - 4th and 5th grade To help make your Cub Scouts of America program the best it can be, use these pages to find good stuff: Activities - find age-appropriate, advancement-supporting activites for Cub Scouts Games - den or pack games just right for 1st through 3rd graders Projects - fun projects for cub scouts to use to do a good turn Recipes - easy recipes Cub Scout Skits - skits that Cub Scouts love Songs - songs to liven up a cub scout den or pack meeting Stories - choose stories that cub scouts will enjoy and understand Awards - see what awards are available to all cub scouts Pinewood Derby - advice for the big race Tweet Comments: Sep 15, 2015 - DMP Scouter Sep 15, 2015 - melissa pratt is there anything my son can do at the age of almost 5? he really wants to be in cub scouts? please let me know. thank you Sep 16, 2015 - Scouter Paul @Melissa - There is a Lion Cub pilot program running in 3 councils for kindergarten boys. But, until that program gets rolled out nationally, Cub Scouts starts for first graders. Sep 16, 2015 - Scouter Paul @DMP - The Den Chief cord is typically paid for, and presented to the Den Chief by, the Pack since they are the ones receiving value from the position. There is no rule about it, and the cord is not required. Sep 22, 2015 - Julie Quinn Our Pack requests that the Troop supply the cord since it's a leadership award that he is earning. Sep 22, 2015 - Scouter Joe The Den Chief cord is normally supplied and kept by the Pack and re-used for all future Den Chiefs. @Julie Quinn There is a difference between the Den Chief cords and the Den Chief Service Award (That would be supplied by the troop as an award for him to keep). Nov 08, 2015 - Marcus bonds What councils offer lion cubs? Nov 08, 2015 - Scouter Joe Northern Star, Garden State, Longhouse, and a couple in Texas. The Lion program is still in the pilot stage and is limited to the pilot Councils. Dec 05, 
HYDROGEN Hydrogen (chemical symbol H), named after the Greek word for water-forming, is the most abundant element in the Universe. In fact more than nine-tenths of all atoms are hydrogen atoms. It is the stuff of stars, of cold empty space and of the Earth. Hydrogen is found everywhere and in most compounds.ydrogen in water. Water is the most common chemical compound on the surface of the Earth, covering over two-thirds of the Earth's surface. People are also about two-thirds water. Water is a compound of hydrogen and oxygen.
Concrete Driveway Construction Basics Place concrete at a minimum thickness of 4 inches. Increasing the thickness from 4 inches to 5 inches will add approximately 20% to your concrete cost, but will also boost your driveway's load-carrying capacity nearly 50% , according to the Tennessee Concrete Association.
Average cost method (December 2009). Under the 'Average Cost Method', it is assumed that the cost of inventory is based on the average cost of the goods available for sale during the period. The average cost is computed by dividing the total cost of goods available for sale by the total units available for sale.
Definitions Defined Contribution Plan is a retirement plan in which the employee and/or the employer contribute to the employee’s individual account under the plan. The amount in the account at distribution includes the contributions and investment gains or losses, minus any investment and administrative fees.
Why does Pakistan have a better image and reputation than India in the world?
Battle of the Alamo Time Tunnel, "The Alamo", first aired in 1966. The U.S. Post Office issued two postage stamps in commemoration of Texas Statehood and the Battle of Alamo. Battle of the Alamo The Battle of the Alamo (February 23 – March 6, 1836) was a pivotal event in the Texas Revolution. Following a 13-day siege, Mexican troops under President General Antonio López de Santa Anna launched an assault on the Alamo Mission near San Antonio de Béxar (modern-day San Antonio, Texas, United States), killing the Texian defenders. Santa Anna's cruelty during the battle inspired many Texians—both Texas settlers and adventurers from the
John P. Buchanan John Price Buchanan (October 24, 1847May 14, 1930) was an American politician and farmers' advocate. He served as Governor of Tennessee from 1891 to 1893, and was president of the Tennessee Farmers' Alliance and Laborers' Union in the late 1880s. Buchanan's lone term as governor was largely marred by the Coal Creek War, an armed uprising by coal miners aimed at ending the state's convict lease system.
Xuchang Xuchang (; postal: Hsuchang) is a prefecture-level city in central Henan province in Central China. It borders the provincial capital of Zhengzhou to the northwest, Kaifeng to the northeast, Zhoukou to the east, Luohe to the southeast, and Pingdingshan to the southwest.
The [Einstein Field Equation](_URL_1_) takes a description of energy (including mass) and tells you how to describe the curvature of spacetime around that energy. ***But***, when we want to put in the description of energy for a quantum particle, we can't find an appropriate way to do it. You can approximately imagine this simply that since you need a mass's *position* and *momentum* simultaneously for GR, and Quantum mechanics can't let us know these things simultaneously for quantum particles. (more specifically, for macroscopic objects the precision to which you need to know these are much smaller than the objects themselves). I wrote up more about it here: _URL_0_
- MRSA Itch Symptoms. MRSA is a serious infection related to the more common staphylococcus infection. The infection usually occurs on the skin but can get into the bloodstream, where it can become even more serious. Many MRSA patients report severe itching with this infection.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
The CMB is measured in the microwave (and millimeter-wave) region of the electromagnetic spectrum. If you had microwave eyes and looked in a direction that was away from the plane of the Milky Way, you'd find that the 2.7K CMB was actually the brightest thing in the sky. If you go to [this page](_URL_2_) and scroll down a little you'll see [this picture](_URL_3_). The top panel is the brightness of the sky at 53GHz (about 2cm wavelength) smoothed to 10 degree angular resolution... ie very uniform. Another way to look at this is to plot the brightness of the sky vs wavelength, looking away from the ecliptic and galactic plane, as shown in the [second figure](_URL_1_) of [this web page](_URL_0_). What you can see from these is that the CMB is actually very bright compared to anything else, as long as you look at the right wavelength.
The School for Scandal Thomas. The 1930 "The School for Scandal" was the first sound adaptation. The film is presumed to be lost. The first television adaptation aired over the BBC May 19, 1937. Greer Garson starred. BBC-TV again produced the play in 1959. These appeared in "The School for Scandal" 8 May 1777 at The Drury Lane Theatre in London The School for Scandal The School for Scandal is a play, a comedy, written by Richard Brinsley Sheridan. It was first performed in London at Drury Lane Theatre on 8 May 1777. Scene I: Lady Sneerwell, a wealthy young widow, and her hireling
Introducing the Redfin Estimate Today, Redfin announced the availability of the so-called “Redfin Estimate,” which is the online real estate brokerage’s answer to the Zestimate. Similar to the Zestimate, the Redfin Estimate is an automated home-value estimate that is displayed on home listing pages throughout Redfin. When viewing homes on Redfin, it will be listed next to the last-sold price for homes not on the market and below the list price for those currently on the market.
The 5 Best Vitamins for Hair Growth (+3 Other Nutrients) Many people view healthy-looking hair as a sign of health or beauty. Like any other part of your body, hair needs a variety of nutrients to be healthy and grow ( 1 ). In fact, many nutritional deficiencies are linked to hair loss. While factors such as age, genetics and hormones also affect hair growth, optimal nutrient intake is key. Below are 5 vitamins and 3 other nutrients that may be important for hair growth.1. Vitamin AAll cells need vitamin A for growth. This includes hair, the fastest growing tissue in the human body. Vitamin A also helps skin glands make an oily substance called sebum. Sebum moisturizes the scalp and helps keep hair healthy ( 2 ). Diets deficient in vitamin A may lead to several problems, including hair loss ( 3 ). While it's important to get enough vitamin A, too much may be dangerous. Studies show that an overdose of vitamin A can also contribute to hair loss ( 4 ). Sweet potatoes, carrots, pumpkins, spinach and kale are all high in beta-carotene, which is turned into vitamin A. Vitamin A can also be found in animal products such as milk, eggs and yogurt. Cod liver oil is a particularly good source. Bottom Line: Your hair needs vitamin A to stay moisturized and grow. Good sources include sweet potatoes, carrots, spinach, kale and some animal foods.2. B-Vitamins One of the best known vitamins for hair growth is a B-vitamin called biotin. Studies link biotin deficiency with hair loss in humans ( 5 ). Although biotin is used as an alternative hair-loss treatment, those who are deficient have the best results. However, deficiency is very rare because it occurs naturally in a wide range of foods. There's also a lack of data about whether biotin is effective for hair growth in healthy individuals. Other B-vitamins help create red blood cells, which carry oxygen and nutrients to the scalp and hair follicles. These processes are important for hair growth. You can get B-vitamins from many foods, including whole grains, almonds, meat, fish, seafood and dark, leafy greens. Additionally, animal foods are the only good sources of vitamin B12. So if you're following a vegetarian or vegan diet, consider taking a supplement. Bottom Line: B-vitamins help carry oxygen and nutrients to your scalp, which aids in hair growth. Whole grains, meat, seafood and dark, leafy greens are all good sources of B-vitamins.3. Vitamin CFree radical damage can block growth and cause your hair to age. Vitamin C is a powerful antioxidant that helps protect against the oxidative stress caused by free radicals ( 6 ). In addition, your body needs vitamin C to create a protein known as collagen — an important part of hair structure. Vitamin C also helps your body absorb iron, a mineral necessary for hair growth. Strawberries, peppers, guavas and citrus fruits are all good sources of vitamin C. Bottom Line: Vitamin C is needed to make collagen and can help prevent hair from aging. Good sources include peppers, citrus fruits and strawberries.4. Vitamin DLow levels of vitamin D are linked to alopecia, a technical term for hair loss ( 7 ). Research also shows that vitamin D may help create new follicles — the tiny pores in the scalp where new hair can grow ( 8 ). Vitamin D is thought to play a role in hair production, but most research focuses on vitamin D receptors. The actual role of vitamin D in hair growth is unknown. That said, most people don't get enough vitamin D and it may still be a good idea to increase your intake. Your body produces vitamin D through direct contact with the sun's rays. Good dietary sources of vitamin D include fatty fish, cod liver oil, some mushrooms and fortified foods. Bottom Line: Vitamin D's actual role in hair growth is not understood, but one form of hair loss is linked to deficiencies. You can increase vitamin D levels through sun exposure or by eating certain foods.5. Vitamin ESimilar to vitamin C, vitamin E is an antioxidant that can prevent oxidative stress. In one study, people with hair loss experienced a 34.5% increase in hair growth afte
Solution of Disordered Microphases in the Bethe approximation
It's because the hard part of your tooth, the enamel, has decayed and exposed a softer part of your tooth, the dentin. Dentin is more sensitive.
World's Fastest Speeding Ticket For those of you stressing out about your speeding violation, it could be worse. The fastest known speeding ticket was issued in May 2003 in Texas. The motorist was operating a Koenigseggs CCR, a Swedish sports car and was allegedly going 242 mph (389 km/hr) in a 75 mph zone.The driver was arrested and his sport car was towed. In my firm, the record high speeding ticket defended by us was a 200 mph ticket on the Lido Parkway in Nassau County.Our lead-footed client was charged with exceeding the 55 mph limit in his Porsche Turbo Carrera but the officer failed to write any amount for that speed.he motorist was operating a Koenigseggs CCR, a Swedish sports car and was allegedly going 242 mph (389 km/hr) in a 75 mph zone. The driver was arrested and his sport car was towed. In my firm, the record high speeding ticket defended by us was a 200 mph ticket on the Lido Parkway in Nassau County.
Chloe Bennet says Marvel doesnât care enough about its Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. There’s also the fact that Disney owns both ABC and Marvel Entertainment, so you’d think they’d just be looking at this as a matter of corporate synergy. Not so, says Chloe Bennet, who plays S.H.I.E.L.D.’s own Daisy Johnson on the show. Bennet spoke out about the gulf between the properties over the weekend at Wizard World Des Moines.
Understanding Pregnancy Tests: Urine & Blood Most doctors recommend that you wait until the first day of your missed period before taking a urine pregnancy test. This is usually about two weeks after conception. However, some tests are more sensitive than others and can be taken earlier.
Cacophony Cacophony Definition of Cacophony Cacophony is a mixture of harsh and discordant noises. As a literary device, cacophony refers to the usage of several unharmonious or dissonant sounds in a line or passage. These unharmonious and dissonant sounds include the explosive consonants k, t, g, d, p, and b, and the hissing sounds ch, sh, and s . The word cacophony comes from the Greek word kakophonos, which means “bad or evil voice .” The definition of cacophony is opposite to that of euphony, which refers to the usage of pleasant, harmonious sounds. Euphonious sounds include vowels and the liquid consonants l and r and nasal consonants m and n. Common Examples of Cacophony It is easy to imagine situations that involve cacophony in everyday life, especially if you are familiar with life in a big city. The mixture of car horns, construction noises, and people yelling is an example of cacophony. Also, if you have ever been to hear a symphony orchestra, that noise that occurs when all of the musicians are tuning their instruments at the same time. Sometimes we might use more cacophonous sounds if we are upset, choosing shorter words with explosive consonants to display our distress. Most swear words in English have cacophonous sounds. It’s also easy to find examples of cacophony in classic comic books, such as in superhero fight scenes. Comic book artist might use such cacophonous onomatopoeias as “brak,” “koom,” “kapow” to try to convey a sense of the discord in the scene.♦ ♦ ♦Significance of Cacophony in Literature An author might want to use cacophony in a work of literature to describe a distressing situation, such as in battles scenes or times of emotional upheaval. The author may either use these words with discordant sounds as descriptive words, or in dialogue to display the emotional state of a character. Examples of Cacophony in Literature Example #1Out, damned spot! Out, I say!—One, two. Why, then, ’tis time to do ’t. Hell is murky!—Fie, my lord, fie! A soldier, and afeard? What need we fear who knows it, when none can call our power to account?—Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him. ( Macbeth by William Shakespeare)In this example of cacophony from William Shakespeare’s tragedy Macbeth, the character Lady Macbeth is in the grips of severe mental distress. She is sleepwalking and remembering how she and her husband murdered the former King Duncan. Shakespeare brilliantly uses cacophony in this excerpt to portray Lady Macbeth’s descent into madness. The first, most famous line, is full of explosive consonants and short words—“Out, damned spot! Out I say!” She continues on in this vein with many other strong consonants illustrating her distress. Example #2Hear the loud alarum bells– Brazen bells! What tale of terror, now, their turbulency tells! In the startled ear of night How they scream out their affright! Too much horrified to speak, They can only shriek, shriek, Out of tune, (“The Bells” by Edgar Allen Poe)In his famous poem, “The Bells,” Edgar Allen Poe describes several different types of bells. In the first stanza Poe starts with happy bells, like wedding bells, and moves on to more distressing types of bells. In this excerpt from the third stanza, Poe describes the “loud alarum bells.” These bells are full of terror, and Poe uses many cacophony examples to portray this terror. We see words with harsh consonants such as “scream,” “affright,” and “shriek.” By starting off the poem with examples of euphony and moving on to examples of cacophony by the last two stanzas, Poe sonically shows the descent into terror. Example #3All the war- propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting. ( Homage to Catalonia by George Orwell)George Orwell joined a group of socialist soldiers during the Spanish Civil War in the 1930s, and wrote a memoir, Homage to Catalonia, to describe his experiences. He witnessed much perversion of facts and truth, which later fed into his dystopian world-view for 1984. In this excerpt, Orwell describes th
Estradiol Levels What is Estradiol? Estradiol is a type of estrogen, the major sex hormone in women. It is secreted by the ovarian follicles. As the follicles grow and develop each month, they produce estradiol. This sets the rest of the reproductive cycle in motion. Why Would You Have Estradiol Checked? A blood test to check estradiol levels is one of the most common fertility tests. One reason to have your estradiol levels checked is to determine your ovaries’ ability to produce eggs (which is known as ovarian reserve ). It can also help to determine if your follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) test was accurate or not. Estradiol suppresses FSH. If your FSH levels are normal but your estradiol levels are high, this indicates that the estradiol is artificially suppressing FSH levels. If you have already begun fertility treatment, your estradiol levels may be checked to see how the ovaries are responding to stimulation. You may also have the test if you’ve missed a period but aren’t pregnant. When Are Estradiol Levels Checked? You will probably have your estradiol levels checked on day 3 of your menstrual cycle, along with FSH levels. It involves drawing blood from your arm. The blood test is looking for the levels of the hormone estradiol in your bloodstream. What Do Estradiol Levels Mean? High levels of estradiol indicate that you might have a problem with your ovarian reserve. It could also mean that the estradiol is suppressing FSH. Either of these things could mean that you will have more trouble getting pregnant, more trouble ovulating (even with treatment) and reduced success with IVF. In rare cases, high levels of estradiol could indicate an ovarian tumor or hyperthyroidism. If your estradiol levels are low, it can indicate polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) or hypopituitarism. Women with eating disorders or extreme endurance exercising may have low levels of estradiol. After menopause, estradiol levels are also low. Fertility Treatment Estrogen-replacement therapy might be used in combination with clomiphene (Clomid) to help improve cervical mucus or uterine lining to make the body more hospitable to pregnancy. IVF treatment with lupron flare protocol or assisted hatching to try to compensate for poor quality and/or quantity of ovarian reserve. Because high estradiol levels indicate poor ovarian reserve and poor response to fertility medications, you and your fertility doctor may ultimately need to discuss whether IVF with your own eggs is a viable option for you and your partner. You may need to discuss the possibility of using a donor egg with IVF. Ask A Doctor Now Find A Doctor Now Subjects: Fertility Tests Features: Fertility Today Related Content Prolactin Levels & Prolactin Testing Lutenizing Hormone (LH) Test Serum Progesterone Levels Hysterosalpingogram and Sonohysterosalpingogram 
GET YOUR KENYA VISA ONLINE GET YOUR KENYA VISA ONLINEGet your Visa for Kenya in 3 simple steps. Enjoy your trip to beautiful Kenya!Apply Now Disclaimer: We are not owned or affiliated with the Government of Kenya. We are a visa processing company that saves you time and frustration. Our service fee is low. You can obtain the e Visa directly from the government of Kenya without paying a service fee. Our system is completely online and easy to use. Why Choose Our Service? How To Apply Fill out online application Complete our easy online application Pay with credit card or Pay Pal Receive Visa by Email Receive your Visa for Kenya via email Entry to Kenya Present your e Visa upon entry to Kenya Apply Now Why Choose Our Service for Kenya e Visa? The Government of Kenya has a website where you can process the visa without paying a service fee. Below is a table comparing our service with the government of Kenya. Here are the specifics of the value-add we are providing for our service: Our Service Gov. Site Ability to process Kenya e Visa Online Quick and Easy Application Process, Save Time and Frustration!24/7 Customer Support (Chat and Phone)Accept Visa, Mastercard, Amex and Pay Pal Accept Multi-currency Applications Checked for Errors Send reminder email 48 hours prior to trip with visa attached Website can be translated to 20 different languages Select your Nationality: Select Visa Type: Total Cost: $ N/AApply Now 
How should I present my under-review works in my CV and profile? I'm searching for postdoc positions in CS and sending my CV to here and there trying for different opportunities. However, I do not know how to present my under-review works. For instance, should I add them in my CV as under-review papers and mention the conferences to which I submitted? 
Then, should I also include the pre-prints in my postdoc applications? 

Also, these conferences have double-blind review processes. Hence, I'm not sure whether to include these works in my home-page or not. I like to add them to my CV and profile as they are extracted from the last part of my Ph.D.

Besides, would they (postdoc employers) take these works seriously knowing that they have not been published yet?
Gourd Growing in the Northeast Fruits Harvesting Industry News Peppers Planting Sweet Corn Tomatoes Gourd Growing in the Northeast SHARE ON: J. F. Pirro — April 1, 2010A secondary crop for consideration The results of a successful gourd growing season. Photo courtesy of Helen Olena. Few, if any, gourd growers in the Northeast can sustain a farm on gourds alone, but for those looking to expand or diversify operations, there could be a profitable niche market for craft-ready gourds. While most are tight-lipped with their gourd growing tips and secrets, others like those associated with the Pennsylvania Gourd Society (PAGS), who depend on successful crops to support their cottage craft industries, are more open. Meadowbrook Farms gourd crop at the end of its season. Photo courtesy of Helen Olena. Helen Olena, a master gardener from Mohnton, Pa., who takes a scientific approach to gourd growing, is one of the most helpful and advanced growers in the region. She’s written a reoccurring feature called “Focus on Growing” for the PAGS’ quarterly newsletter, Gourd Vibrations, since the newsletter’s inception in 2005. She’s using heat-treated seeds to reduce pathogen transfer, and she has a no-till patch that’s three years in the making for which she’s using past cover crops as mulch. She may even venture into the world of mycorrhizae, beneficial organisms that aid plants in the uptake of nutrients. Gourds in the midst of the growing season. Photos courtesy of Bonnie Adams, unless otherwise noted. A larger grower, Eli Smucker’s Gourd Farm in Kinzers, Pa., where every June the PAGS hosts its annual Gourd Fest, has recently changed some of his gourd growing practices to incorporate Olena’s advice. For example, he used to plant direct seed in the spring, but now he starts some of his plants indoors. He didn’t originally hand-pollinate, but he does now. “I’m not claiming it was only advice from me,” Olena says. “He well may have heard this same advice from others.”Olena, a former biology teacher and environmental educator, began growing gourds in 2002 as a retirement hobby. She grows about 1,000 gourds on an average of 25 plants a season, and opened a small business in 2005 selling craft-ready gourds to artists and hobbyists. She has taught PAGS gourd growing classes, and has also taught at Longwood Gardens in Kennett Square, Pa. How to grow gourds Gourds need a 16 to 18-week (112 to 126-day) growing season, generally from the middle of May to late September, for the majority of the crop to successfully dry. Gourds are not hardy plants, so that may necessitate starting plants indoors as Olena does in mid-April. She germinates her seeds between damp paper towels on covered ceramic plates suspended over seedling heat mats. “This way, in a matter of a few days, growers know what will germinate and what won’t,” she says. “This allows you time to restart additional seeds without missing too much time.”Gourds—there are as many as 150 varieties with names like long handle dipper, Chinese bottle, canteen and kettle—prefer not to have their roots disturbed, so use individual pots and avoid undivided flats where the roots might tangle. When Olena’s seeds germinate, she transfers them to 5-inch-tall pots. A half-hour before planting, she dampens the soilless mix thoroughly, then fills the pots to .75 inch from the top and lays two or three seeds on the mix, covering with additional soilless mix about two to three times the thickness of the seed. She presses down gently, then waters gently by misting. “The seeds will germinate more quickly if kept warm, say about 75 to 85 degrees,” says Olena, who has written a planting primer on the PAGS Web site ( www.pagourdsociety.org ). “Move them to a light source as soon as the seedlings emerge. If your plants become ‘leggy,’ they are not getting enough light.”The seedlings are dicotyledonous, meaning there are already two leaves within each seed. These are whitish when they emerge, then quickly turn green. The next leaves are true leaves. Then, fertilization can begin. Dilute it as much as 50 percent, and
It is not light moving away from us, it is light emitted from a source that is moving away from us. The light definitely has to be moving towards, otherwise, as you note, we could not see it at all.
Erasure coding techniques are used to increase the reliability of distributed storage systems while minimizing storage overhead. The bandwidth required to repair the system after a node failure also plays a crucial role in the system performance. In [1] authors have shown that a tradeoff exists between storage and repair bandwidth. They also have introduced the scheme of regenerating codes which meet this tradeoff. In this paper, a scheme of Exact Regenerating Codes is introduced, which are regenerating codes with an additional property of regenerating back the same node upon failure. For the minimum bandwidth point, which is suitable for applications like distributed mail servers, explicit construction for exact regenerating codes is provided. A subspace approach is provided, using which the necessary and sufficient conditions for a linear code to be an exact regenerating code are derived. This leads to the uniqueness of our construction. For the minimum storage point which suits applications such as storage in peer-to-peer systems, an explicit construction of regenerating codes for certain suitable parameters is provided. This code supports variable number of nodes and can handle multiple simultaneous node failures. The constructions given for both the points require a low field size and have low complexity.
Bermuda two informal villages are: Jones Village in Warwick, Cashew City (St. George's), Claytown (Hamilton), Middle Town (Pembroke), and Tucker's Town (St. George's) are neighbourhoods; Dandy Town and North Village are sports clubs, and Harbour View Village is a small public housing development. As a British Overseas Territory, Bermuda does not have a seat in the United Nations; it is represented by Britain in matters of foreign affairs. To promote its economic interests abroad, Bermuda maintains representative offices in cities such as London and Washington, D.C. Bermuda's proximity to the US had made it attractive as the site for summit conferences
University of Michigan - Ann Arbor Room and Board Costs How Much Will it Cost to Live at University of Michigan - Ann Arbor? There are extra expenses related to college besides tuition. Find out below exactly how much you'll be paying to attend University of Michigan - Ann Arbor. Below You'll Find: Consider Costs Carefully Overview Trends and Total Expenses Where do you Sleep & Eat? Comparison with National Average Questions & Additional Resources Why Does Room and Board Matter? It is very important to understand all of the costs associated with going to college in order to plan appropriately. The expense of housing, meal plans, and supplies really can accumulate after four years (or maybe more)! Make a good financial decision by taking these costs into account. Room and Board Costs & Expenses University of Michigan - Ann Arbor charges students for housing and dining together as a bundle. The on-campus cost for a typical student was $10,872 in 2016 - 2017. The following table outlines expected costs at University of Michigan - Ann Arbor for both on-campus and off-campus housing, meals and additional expenses. Expense On Campus Off Campus Room and Board $10,872 $10,872Other Living Expenses $2,454 $2,454Books and Supplies $1,048 $1,048Total $14,374 $14,374Apply for Scholarships Will You Spend Four Years in the Dorms? Expected Cost is $63,798There was an average 3.0% price change each year for the past five years in U of Michigan room & board costs. If present tendencies proceed,incoming first year students this year will be charged $15,249 in housing, meals and other expenses for their first year of college. In their last year a student would spend roughly $15,707 for an associate degree, and $16,178 for a bachelor degree. Bachelor degree students will end up paying a total sum of $63,798 in room and board by the time they graduate, while two-year students will pay a total sum of $30,956. Room, Board & Other Expenses Trend - University of Michigan - Ann Arbor On-Campus Off-Campus Overall on-campus costs have grown at an average annual rate of 3.0%. Year Room and Board Books and Supplies Other2011 $9,468.00 $1,048.00 2,0542012 $9,752.00 $1,048.00 2,0542013 $9,996.00 $1,048.00 2,0542014 $10,246.00 $1,048.00 2,2042015 $10,554.00 $1,048.00 2,3542016 $10,872.00 $1,048.00 2,4542017 $11,198.16 $1,048.00 2,558.2952018 $11,534.10 $1,048.00 2,667.0232019 $11,880.13 $1,048.00 2,780.3712020 $12,236.53 $1,048.00 2,898.5372021 $12,603.63 $1,048.00 3,021.725Answers to Questions About Living on Campus at U of Michigan Are Freshmen Required to Live On Campus? No On-Campus Housing Capacity 12,254Max Number of Meal-Plan Meals Per Week N/ACampus Expenses Here are Similar to Other Schools U of Michigan on-campus students will pay as much as $14,374 for living expenses. This cost is close to the nationwide average of $14,288. Room, Board and Other Expenses Comparison - University of Michigan... On-Campus Off-Campus Similar to the national average of $14,288. School/Group Room and Board Books and Supplies Other University of Michigan - Ann Arbor $10,872.00 $1,048.00 $2,454.00U. S. Average $10,038.00 $1,209.00 $3,029.00Continue Your Research on U of Michigan Room And Board Tuition And Fees Financial Aid Net Price more... 
The dismal results caused Gephardt to drop out and later endorse Kerry. Carol Moseley Braun also dropped out, endorsing Howard Dean. Besides the impact of coming in third, Dean was further hurt by a speech he gave at a post-caucus rally. Dean was shouting over the cheers of his enthusiastic audience, but the crowd noise was being filtered out by his unidirectional microphone, leaving only his full-throated exhortations audible to the television viewers. To those at home, he seemed to raise his voice out of sheer emotion. The incessant replaying of the "Dean Scream" by the press became a debate on the topic of whether Dean was the victim of media bias. The scream scene was shown approximately 633 times by cable and broadcast news networks in just four days following the incident, a number that does not include talk shows and local news broadcasts. However, those who were in the actual audience that day insist that they were not aware of the infamous "scream" until they returned to their hotel rooms and saw it on TV.
How to cook different types of lentils Cooking tips How to cook different types of lentils Whether you’re looking for an exciting new dish or a little extra protein for your salad, lentils are an extremely versatile and tasty ingredient that will quickly become a pantry essential in your kitchen!by Johanna Kwok Updated Nov 17, 2017 0Lentils. Photo, i Stock. From canned to dried, brown, red or green – this primer will prepare you for choosing and cooking with lentils. Packed with protein and fibre, these delicious pulses are so versatile, they’ll become in pantry staple immediately. Not only are lentils locally grown by our very own Canadian farmers, they’re also packed with nutrients and incredibly easy to prepare. They come in a variety of colours and sizes, from tiny black beluga lentils to split red lentils, each with their own unique taste and texture. So whether you’re looking for an exciting new side dish or just a little extra protein for your salad, lentils will prove to be an extremely versatile and tasty little ingredient that will quickly become an essential in your kitchen!Dried vs. canned Most grocery stores sell lentils in either canned or dried form. Canned lentils are great because they’re ready to eat straight from the can, but the biggest concern with them (or with any other canned pulses, like chickpeas or black beans) is the sodium level, so always remember to drain and rinse them under cold running water before cooking. Dried lentils If using dried lentils, don’t forget to check for any stones that might have fallen in during the harvesting process. Spread your lentils out on a flat surface, like a cookie sheet, and pick out any foreign, small objects. Then give them a quick rinse under cold running water and cook in a pot of boiling water. As a general rule, you will need 4 cups of water for every cup of lentils. For more flavour, cook your lentils in chicken or vegetable broth or add some aromatics, like garlic and onion, to your boiling liquid. (Dried lentils will also double in size as they cook so make sure you start with a large enough pot. )Different types of dried lentils require different cooking times; read ahead for a quick guide on the types of lentils, and how to prepare them. Brown lentils Brown lentils, such as Spanish brown and Beluga lentils, are the most common varieties. They have a nice earthy flavour and can be easily prepared within 20 to 30 minutes, making them perfect for quick weeknight suppers. They also hold their shape well during the cooking process, making them ideal for salads or side dishes — but be careful not to overcook them, as they can turn very mushy. Red lentils Red lentils come in a range of colours, from golden yellow to crimson. They are most commonly used in soups, stews and flavourful curries because they break down as they cook, helping to thicken the dish. Red lentils cook fairly quickly, in about 10 to 20 minutes, and have a sweet, nutty flavour. Green lentils Like brown lentils, green lentils (such as French green or Laird), also hold their shape during the cooking process, and have a slightly firmer texture. They can take anywhere up to 45 minutes of cooking time, but have a natural peppery taste, giving any salad or side dish a nice extra boost of flavour. Related: 16 healthy and satisfying lentil recipes Update Advertisement 
All About Cloning Science, Tech, Math ›Science All About Cloning Share Flipboard Email Print Dolly (far right), the first mammal cloned from an adult cell, bleats at Scotland's Roslin Institute. Karen Kasmauski / Getty Imagesby Regina Bailey Updated March 30, 2018Cloning is the process of creating genetically identical copies of biological matter. This may include genes, cells, tissues or entire organisms. Natural Clones Some organisms generate clones naturally through asexual reproduction. Plants, algae, fungi, and protozoa produce spores that develop into new individuals that are genetically identical to the parent organism. Bacteria are capable of creating clones through a type of reproduction called binary fission. In binary fission, the bacterial DNA is replicated and the original cell is divided into two identical cells. Natural cloning also occurs in animal organisms during processes such as budding (offspring grows out of the body of the parent), fragmentation (the body of the parent breaks into distinct pieces, each of which can produce an offspring), and parthenogenesis. In humans and other mammals, the formation of identical twins is a type of natural cloning. In this case, two individuals develop from one fertilized egg. Types of Cloning When we speak of cloning, we typically think of organism cloning, but there are actually three different types of cloning. Molecular Cloning Molecular cloning focuses on making identical copies of DNA molecules in chromosomes. This type of cloning is also called gene cloning. Organism Cloning Organism cloning involves making an identical copy of an entire organism. This type of cloning is also called reproductive cloning. Therapeutic Cloning Therapeutic cloning involves the cloning of human embryos for the production of stem cells. These cells could be used to treat disease. The embryos are eventually destroyed in this process. Reproductive Cloning Techniques Cloning techniques are laboratory processes used to produce offspring that are genetically identical to the donor parent. Clones of adult animals are created by a process called somatic cell nuclear transfer. In this process, the nucleus from a somatic cell is removed and placed into an egg cell that has had its nucleus removed. A somatic cell is any type of body cell other than a sex cell. Cloning Problems What are the risks of cloning? One of the main concerns as it relates to human cloning is that the current processes used in animal cloning are only successful a very small percentage of the time. Another concern is that the cloned animals that do survive tend to have various health problems and shorter lifespans. Scientists have not yet figured out why these problems occur and there is no reason to think that these same problems wouldn't happen in human cloning. Cloned Animals Scientists have been successful in cloning a number of different animals. Some of these animals include sheep, goats, and mice. How do you spell breakthrough? D-O-L-L-Y Scientists have succeeded in cloning an adult mammal. And Dolly doesn't have a daddy! First Dolly and Now Millie Scientists have successfully produced cloned transgenic goats. Cloning Clones Researchers have developed a way to create multi-generations of identical mice. Cloning and Ethics Should humans be cloned? Should human cloning be banned? A major objection to human cloning is that cloned embryos are used to produce embryonic stem cells and the cloned embryos are ultimately destroyed. The same objections are raised with regard to stem cell therapy research that uses embryonic stem cells from non-cloned sources. Changing developments in stem cell research, however, could help ease concerns over stem cell use. Scientists have developed new techniques for generating embryonic-like stem cells. These cells could potentially eliminate the need for human embryonic stem cells in therapeutic research. Other ethical concerns about cloning involve the fact that the current process has a very high failure rate. According to the Genetic Science Learning Center, the cloning process only 
How to Print Checks in QuickBooks Related Articles1How to Print Checks With MS Office2How to Change the Check Type in Quick Books3How to Use Versa Check With Quick Books4How to Void a Check in Quick Books Quick Books by Intuit is an accounting software package used by small businesses. The program enables a small business owner to keep track of income, expenses and accounts receivable and payable, as well as to monitor the business's overall accounting activity. One feature of Quick Books is the ability to print checks directly from the software. The user can pay vendors, employees and general expenses, and can print a single check or multiple checks depending on the need.1. Select "Write Checks" from the Quick Books Banking drop-down menu. By default, Quick Books selects all checks for printing, so if you want to print only certain checks, deselect the boxes next to all the checks that do not need to be printed. Enter a check number in the first check number box, if necessary. Click "OK."2. Select "Print Forms" from the Quick Books File menu. Choose the check style--Voucher, Standard or Wallet--by clicking the radio button for the appropriate style. Choose the bank account to be used for payment. Select the printer name from the drop-down box and the printer type: single sheets or multiple sheets. If the printer was previously configured, the defaults should be used.3. Load the blank checks into the printer according to the printer guidelines. From the Quick Books Banking menu, select "Print." Once the checks have printed, examine them to ensure they printed properly. Tip If the checks you are using have preprinted numbers, entering a check number in the dialog box is not necessary. Warning If you have more than one bank account, make sure the correct bank account is selected. Selecting the wrong account can result in overdraft fees, and accounting adjustments will have to be made. References (2)About the Author K. A. Francis is a freelance writer with over 20 years experience, and a small business consultant and jewelry designer. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in English and business administration and a Master of Arts in Adult Education. She has written for "The Einkwell," "Windsor Parent," Moms Online, Writer's Stew, Lighthouse Venture Group and others. Her jewelry design company, KAF Creations, has been in operation since 1998. Photo Creditscheck in macro image by Alexey Klementiev from Fotolia.com Suggest an Article Correction 
'Long way away' implies the existence of space, and doesn't really make sense. Outside our universe we are talking about spaceless and timeless stuff. Could there be multiple universes? Sure. If we can't interact in any way there is no evidence and no way to test the theory, so there isn't much point.
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Medicine and Healthcare: How long does it take to have your appendix removed? Quora User, Typical type A. Love to read. Animal rights, close friends and living. Answered Apr 9, 2016Jade, I am not a medical professional and still have my appendix so I really don't know the answers to your questions. I do know that there are a lot of very good doctors on this site that can give you all the information you want and probably some that you don't want to know. Just re-post it and pick the ones that you feel have the knowledge. Just find him/her and ask. That's what I have learned so far. So for what that's worth good luck with your surgery and again, I'm sorry I could not be pf any more help. Good luck with having your parts removed, it is my understanding that you really don't need it anyway. The procedure is 3 holes around your belly button and sometime later it's just sucked out. Or that is what I was told. Hope it was correct. Good luck. Ellen13.1k Views · View Upvoters 
1) The large herbivores seem to have been cold blooded. This means they do not spend energy on keeping their bodies warm and so were able to spend more on growing. For example large Crocodiles and Snakes in modernity can survive off of one meal a month if needed.  2) There was more CO2 in the atmosphere meaning it was warmer (see point one) and that there were more plants. This meant they had more food.  3) There was more Oxygen in the atmosphere meaning they were able to grow larger more efficiently.
Back in the USSR (disambiguation) "Back in the U.S.S.R." is a 1968 song by the Beatles.
Mechanical energy mechanical energy of the colliding objects has been converted into an equal amount of heat. Thus, the total energy of the system remains unchanged though the mechanical energy of the system has reduced. A satellite of mass formula_4 at a distance formula_5 from the centre of Earth possesses both kinetic energy, formula_6, (by virtue of its motion) and gravitational potential energy, formula_7, (by virtue of its position within the Earth’s gravitational field; Earth's mass is formula_8). Hence, mechanical energy formula_9 of a satellite is given by If the satellite is in circular orbit, the energy conservation equation can be further
Spiral Galaxies Spiral Galaxies The most common type of galaxy is called a "spiral galaxy." Not surprisingly, spiral galaxies look like spirals, with long arms winding toward a bright bulge at the center. But be careful - if you looked at a spiral galaxy from the side, you could mistake its shape for a circle, and so you'd have to use other criteria to learn it was a spiral. If you can clearly see the spiral shape, the galaxy is called a "face-on spiral." If you instead see the galaxy from the side, it is called an "edge-on spiral." You can recognize edge-on spiral galaxies because you can see their bright central bulges. Face-on and edge-on spiral galaxies aren't really any different; they only look different because of the angle from which you see them. Some spiral galaxies have arms that are wound tightly, while other galaxies have very loosely-wound arms. The difference between tightly and loosely wound spirals is a genuine difference between the galaxies, and can be used to classify spirals. About 77% of the observed galaxies in the universe are spiral galaxies. Our own galaxy, the Milky Way, is a typical spiral galaxy. The images below show three other good examples. Three contrasting spiral galaxies: a face-on spiral galaxy with tightly wound arms (left), a face-on spiral galaxy with very loose arms (center) and an edge-on spiral galaxy (right)Some spiral galaxies have a bright line, or bar, running through them. These are called "barred spiral galaxies." The image below shows a barred spiral galaxy. Galaxies without a bar are simply called "spiral galaxies. "NGC 3559, a barred spiral Image courtesy Steve Kent Spiral galaxies are further classified by how tightly their spiral arms are wound. A galaxy with very tightly wound arms, such the left galaxy in the list above, would be called "type a." galaxy A "type b" galaxy has more loosely wound arms. A "type c" galaxy (such as the middle one above) has very loosely wound arms. What type do you think the barred spiral to the right would be? The arms of a spiral galaxy have lots of gas and dust, and they are often areas where new stars are constantly forming. The bulge of a spiral galaxy is composed primarily of old, red stars. Very little star formation goes on in the bulge. The table below shows the abbreviations that are used for spiral galaxy types. Galaxy Type Description Saspiral galaxy, type a Sbspiral galaxy, type b Scspiral galaxy, type c SBabarred spiral galaxy, type a SBbbarred spiral galaxy, type b SBcbarred spiral galaxy, type c 
Who is Brock Huard? Biography, gossip, facts? Brock Huard's net worth is estimated to be in the range of approximately $168895887 in 2018, according to the users of vipfaq. The estimated net worth includes stocks, properties, and luxury goods such as yachts and private airplanes.
Bacteria needs time to grow. Alcohol is a straight chemical poison. Food poisoning is a biological contaminant. If you ate enough of the bacteria it would hit you sooner. Some forms also need to travel to other parts of your digestive system to make you feel sick and that takes time.
exude Definition of exude for English Language Learners. : 1  to produce a liquid or smell that flows out slowly. : 2  to flow out slowly. : 3  to show (a quality, emotion, etc.) very clearly or strongly.
instrument document, papers, written document - writing that provides information (especially information of an official nature) articles of incorporation - a legal document that creates a corporation; it is filed with a state by the founders of a corporation and is governed by the laws of the state. derivative instrument, derivative - a financial instrument whose value is based on another security.
I know this is known question but how do I know if she likes me?
- Lauren Tarshis (born November 23, 1963) is an author of children's books, with several series of fiction and historical works found in thousands of libraries. She is also the editor of Storyworks magazine. and translated into several languages.
Mixed Vegetable Salad ( Exotic Diabetic Recipe ) Mixed Vegetable Salad ( Exotic Diabetic Recipe ) recipe - How to make Mixed Vegetable Salad ( Exotic Diabetic Recipe ) Tags. Put the lettuce, capsicum and baby corn in a vesselful of ice-cold water for half an hour. This will make them crisp. Drain, wrap in a muslin cloth and refrigerate till ready to use. Just before serving, combine all the vegetables and the bean sprouts and carrots in a bowl, add the dressing and toss well.
Essential Nutrients for Endurance Athletes: 10 for the Road From The May 1999 Issue of Nutrition Science News By Alan Christianson, N. D. Quite simply, athletes need more nutrients than less-active people. They demand more from their bodies than even average fitness buffs and so must compensate with the right nutrients from foods or supplements to keep performance—and recovery—at its peak. The more intense the exercise or sport, the greater the body's nutrient needs. Athletes who participate in endurance sports—those that involve more than one hour of consistent activity—have specific needs because of what they demand from their bodies. For example, athletes lose more electrolytes, such as magnesium, potassium and sodium, through perspiration and must diligently replace them. The wear and tear of intense activity may necessitate increased intake of antioxidants such as vitamin E, which can help protect muscle cells from oxidative damage. Since muscle-tissue breakdown is common during intense exercise, athletes also need more proteins to repair the tissues. To keep their bodies performing optimally, endurance athletes should be familiar with these 10 important nutrients. The first seven essential supplements are the minerals calcium, iron, magnesium, potassium, selenium, sodium and zinc. Their benefits range from keeping bones strong to minimizing fatigue. CALCIUM This may be the most important nutrient for an athlete. In a survey of more than 10,000 male and female athletes ages 7 to 50, fewer than half consumed 1,000 mg of calcium daily. [ 1] The recommended dietary intake ranges from 1,000 to 1,500 mg/day depending on age and gender. For female athletes, calcium intake is of particular concern. Excessive training—more than seven hours per week—may cause hormonal declines in young girls that can stop menstruation. This hormonal decline also compromises bone formation, possibly leading to premature, irreversible osteoporosis. [ 2] Recent research shows that male endurance athletes of all ages experience testosterone deficits that also can cause osteoporosis. [ 3] Athletes should monitor their calcium intake. Dairy foods can supply the required amounts unless sensitivities exclude them from the diet. But a diet without dairy foods requires supplements. All athletes should make sure they get 1,200 to 1,500 mg of calcium daily from food or supplements. Drinking a cup of skim milk, for example, provides about 300 mg of calcium. IRON For the casual athlete who trains less than four hours per week, iron deficiency is no more of a concern than for a sedentary person. But athletes who train for six or more hours per week often have iron-deficiency anemia and should be checked yearly for the condition. Female athletes who are unable to correct such mild anemia through diet can benefit from supplements. [ 4]Endurance Sports that Up Nutrient Needs Distance cycling (including stage races) Marathons (26.2 miles) Triathlons (swim, bike, run) Ultramarathons (50 or 100 miles)Athletes use iron stores more quickly than nonathletes and, considering the neurologic effects of anemia on children and teens who engage in rigorous sports, adequate intake of iron is quite important. [ 5] The recommended dietary allowance (RDA) for iron ranges from 10 to 15 mg/day—an amount easily acquired from food. In the absence of anemia, athletes shouldn't take any supplemental iron because it raises the risk of heart disease and colon cancer. MAGNESIUM This mineral is involved in adenosine triphosphate (ATP) production from fatty acid oxidation, post-contractile muscular relaxation, and bone remineralization. It is also involved in phosphatidylglycerol (DPG) production, which is important to red blood cell formation. ATP, present in all cells but particularly in muscle cells, stores energy. Low magnesium levels can acutely contribute to early fatigue, nausea and muscle cramps. Chronic magnesium deficiencies can lead to increased osteoporosis risk and anemia. [ 6] Athletes lose magnesium through sweat and urine. This, combined with the fact that athletes' die
Theca: the forgotten cell of the ovarian follicle 1994). Thecal cells are not capable of producing estrogen but do produce androgens in response to LH, which are then converted into estrogen by follicle stimulating hormone (FSH)-induced aromatase in the neighboring granulosa cells of selected growing follicles.
- DEFINITION of 'Itemized Deduction'. A deduction from a taxpayer's taxable adjusted gross income that is made up of deductions for money spent on certain goods and services throughout the year.
They are 100% NOT more secure in the sense of being immune to viruses. However a common way for viruses to be put on devices is to trick the user into downloading and installing something on their device. When you go online and see the flashing "YOU HAVE A VIRUS DOWNLOAD THIS FOR HELP!" a lot of people will click on that and get a virus if they are on PC. However phones have a setting that's defaulted to only allowing programs to be installed through the Play store or market or whatever the iPhone store is called. So right there you have a large barrier to entry for a virus. Obviously if an virus gets to the store in the form of an app it can easily be put on the phone, but I believe all stores have some sort of basic vetting to prevent more elementary viruses.
Water reaches [maximum density at 4°C](_URL_0_).  For that reason, water at 4°C will sink to the bottom. Even if it is heated up by an underwater geyser or something, the heated water would rise/circulate with less dense water filling its space (most likely around 4°C) Edit: /u/sverdrupian points out that since we're talking about the ocean, we're talking about saltwater along with other variables. Read other comments in this thread for more accurate and in depth answers :)
The Spinal Cord The spinal cord has two principal functions in maintaining homeostasis: nerve impulse propagation and integration of information. The white matter tracts in the spinal cord are highways for nerve impulse propagation.
- Posted October 23, 2011 in Cat Diseases & Conditions A-Z. Overview. Panleukopenia, also known as feline distemper, is an extremely contagious and deadly disease caused by a virus. The virus is spread through contact with an infected cat’s saliva, urine, blood, nasal discharge, or feces.
Washington Nationals Washington Nationals The Washington Nationals are a professional baseball team based in Washington, D.C.. The Nationals compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the National League (NL) East division. From 2005 to 2007, the team played in RFK Stadium; since 2008 their home stadium has been Nationals Park on South Capitol Street in Southeast D.C., near the Anacostia River. The Nationals are the eighth major league franchise to be based in Washington, D.C., and the first since 1971. The current National League club was founded in 1969 as the Montreal Expos, part of the MLB expansion.
Okay, so here's how it works - when a state has a primary, the results of that primary determine which candidate is awarded delegates (the ordinary, non-super kind). The campaign picks people they trust (the hardcore volunteers) to be their delegates, go to the convention, and vote for that candidate at the convention.  Superdelegates are democratic party VIPs who can go to the convention and vote for whomever they want. They don't have to be picked by any campaign. They just go and vote.  It's very undemocratic and designed specifically to prevent an insurgent candidate from being able to beat the establishment's preference.
What about the kind of DÉjà Vu where you dream something but don't remember dreaming it until it happens in real life? This happens often atleast monthly.
What is the easiest and quickest way to commit suicide?
Material Hardness The Rockwell hardness test is the most used and versatile of the hardness tests. For soft materials such as copper alloys, soft steel, and aluminum alloys a 1/16 diameter steel ball is used with a 100-kilogram load and the hardness is read on the B scale.
Glossary Term: Ballad. Strictly, a ballad is a form of poetry that alternates lines of four and three beats, often in quatrains, rhymed abab, and often telling a story-the anonymous poem 'Sir Patrick Spens' and Wordsworth's A Slumber Did My Spirit Seal demonstrate this well.trictly, a ballad is a form of poetry that alternates lines of four and three beats, often in quatrains, rhymed abab, and often telling a story-the anonymous poem 'Sir Patrick Spens' and Wordsworth's A Slumber Did My Spirit Seal demonstrate this well.
Description and Brand Names Amlodipine is used alone or together with other medicines to treat angina (chest pain) and high blood pressure (hypertension). High blood pressure adds to the workload of the heart and arteries. If it continues for a long time, the heart and arteries may not function properly.
Same as glasses lenses except the lenses sit on your eye instead of in a frame in front of your eye.
Three main factors (simplified for this post) make capitalism: * private citizens own the businsses, not the government  * goods are sold for profit, not given away at cost * markets decide the prices of things, not cartels or governments Now, as with most things in life, in practice not everything is black and white. Even in a "capitalist" nation like the USA, the government owns some businesses and sets some prices. Other nations like China may be in even more of a gray area. But these are the main factors.
What does it mean to have a chip on your shoulder? To 'have a chip on your shoulder' means to have an irrational resentment directed at other people (especially those who are not a member of a group or community which you identify with) because of a sense of inferiority (or an erroneous impression that others see you as inferior).
Trees produce energy in the form of sugars via photosynthesis. These sugars are stored in the tissues of the trees allowing them to survive without photosynthesizing. They metabolize the sugars just like other organisms. When spring comes they will use stored sugars to make new leaves.
All from Wikipedia - _URL_0_ The core (25% of the radius) is up to 150 times the density of water. The next layer, the radiative zone, (from 25% to 70% of the radius) has a density from 20 times the density of water (similar to gold) to one fifth the density of water (similar to cork). The convective zone (from 70% to the visible surface) has a density that drops to 1/6,000th the density of air.
- A new Netflix Original series “Ozark” is now filming in Canton, Georgia. Location #1. 08/05/2016 – Crews were spotted filming on Lake Allatoona. “The Little River Grill” was turned into the “Blue Cat Lodge” for the filming of the show.
> Who is this Assad guy? The Assad family is ruling regime of Syria. Assad refers to Bashar al-Assad who is the currently in charge of the government.  > What ignited this conflict? The conflict ignited after an initial pro-democracy movement and government forces began to clash violently.  > Why has it broken down to a civil war? The division of the country and the ensuing violence has caused hatred on all sides. The rebels are largely the Sunni majority of the country while the government forces are largely Shia, Alawite, and other minority religions. This has become a religious war as well as an ethnic clash.  > Is there any end it sight? Not any that end well.
Why bleach turns colors white: The most common kind of bleach, chlorine bleach contains sodium hypochlorite. When you wash clothes with say, ketchup on it, the sodium hypochlorite *oxidizes* the ketchup. This changes the chemical composition of the stain into one which still has color, *but* it's color is outside human visible range (one of the reasons you can see certain kinds of stains under black lights, etc). So you have white+unseeable color=white.  Why bleach turns white clothes yellow: White clothes aren't truly white. They're usually a bit yellow with blue "brighteners" which give off the impression of being white. When you bleach a white shirt, the blue gets stripped away (by the process explained earlier) and thus you get a yellow shirt.
The Wanderer (U2 song) "The Wanderer" is the tenth and final track from U2's 1993 studio album, "Zooropa". It is one of the few U2 songs without Bono on lead vocals, instead featuring country singer Johnny Cash. The Edge provides harmonising backing-vocals throughout the song, but the country style howl at the end is by Bono.
While image inpainting has recently become widely available in image manipulation tools, existing approaches to video inpainting typically do not even achieve interactive frame rates yet as they are highly computationally expensive. Further, they either apply severe restrictions on the movement of the camera or do not provide a high-quality coherent video stream. In this paper we will present our approach to high-quality real-time capable image and video inpainting. Our PixMix approach even allows for the manipulation of live video streams, providing the basis for real Diminished Reality (DR) applications. We will show how our approach generates coherent video streams dealing with quite heterogeneous background environments and non-trivial camera movements, even applying constraints in real-time.
Although social networking sites (SNSs) have attracted increased attention and members in recent years, there has been little research on it: particularly on how a users’ extroversion or introversion can affect their intention to pay for these services and what other factors might influence them. We therefore proposed and tested a model that measured the users’ value and satisfaction perspectives by examining the influence of these factors in an empirical survey of 288 SNS members. At the same time, the differences due to their psychological state were explored. The causal model was validated using PLSGraph 3.0; six out of eight study hypotheses were supported. The results indicated that perceived value significantly influenced the intention to pay SNS subscription fees while satisfaction did not. Moreover, extroverts thought more highly of the social value of the SNS, while introverts placed more importance on its emotional and price value. The implications of these findings are discussed. Crown Copyright 2010 Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Naegleria fowleri Center Featured: Naegleria fowleri Main Article. Naegleria fowleri is an amoeba found in freshwater and soil. Infection results when the amoeba enters the nose and travels to the brain and spinal cord, causing primary amebic meningoencephalitis, which destroys brain tissue.
This Amazon customer review text does not contain any counterfactual statements.
Critics stated that both The Sun and Lord Kilbracken cherry-picked the results from one specific study while ignoring other data reports on HIV infection and not just AIDS infection, which the critics viewed as unethical politicisation of a medical issue. Lord Kilbracken himself criticised The Sun's editorial and the headline of its news story; he stated that while he thought that gay people were more at risk of developing AIDS it was still wrong to imply that no one else could catch the disease. The Press Council condemned The Sun for committing what it called a "gross distortion". The Sun later ran an apology, which they ran on Page 28. Journalist David Randall argued in the textbook The Universal Journalist that The Sun's story was one of the worst cases of journalistic malpractice in recent history, putting its own readers in harm's way.
Dude, old cartoons were works of art! Carefully crafted by hand and intended to be seen on movie screens, not tiny TV sets. And there were poor quality animated cartoons back then, mostly the banal, mass appeal stuff that was meant to be quickly produced and put of TV. Just look at the Flintstones or the Jetsons (for as long as you can before your eyes melt). AND there are still highly crafted animations still made today. Look at anything Studio Ghibli makes. Like most things, a lot of care and effort makes something good, while slapping something together quickly for a quick buck looks bad.
Kingdom Monera Biology Organism Biological Classification Kingdom Monera Kingdom Monera Kingdom Monera - All the organisms of this kingdom are prokaryotes. Complex structure was the basis of classification of organisms, many centuries ago. According to R. H. Whittaker's five kingdom classification all the bacteria were placed under the Kingdom Monera. Monera are considered as the most primitive group of organisms. They include various types of bacteria and blue-green algae. Monerans are most abundant of all organisms, due to their versa ti lity of their habitat. It is estimated that a single drop of water contai ns 50 billion bacteria. Definition Kingdom Monera Back to Top The Kingdom Monera includes organisms that are single-celled known as bacteria. The microorganisms in Kingdom Monera are considered as the most ancient living forms on earth. The kingdom is divided into two groups Archaebacteria and Eubacteria . All the organisms of this kingdom are prokaryotes. These cells do not have nuclear membrane, the chromosome is a single and circular, they also lack membrane bound cellular organelles. This kingdom includes bacteria, cyanobacteria, mycoplasma etc. They are unicellular organisms and do not have specific mode of nutrition. They can be either aerobic or anaerobic. These organisms have cell wall which is made up of peptidoglycans. The cell organelles are not membrane bound. Cell organelles like endoplasmic reticulum, mitochondria are absent. R eproduction is by spore formation and binary fission. Kingdom Monera Characteristics Back to Top General characteristics of the kingdom Monera are as follows: They are primitive organisms. All organisms of the kingdom are prokaryotes. They are present in both living and non-living environment. They can survive in harsh and extreme climatic conditions like in hot springs, acidic soils etc. They are unicellular organisms. Membrane bound nucleus is absent. DNA is in double stranded form, suspended in the cytoplasm of the organism, referred as nucleoid. A rigid cell wall is present. Membrane bound cellular organelles like mitochondria are absent. Habitat - Monerans are found everywhere in hot springs, under ice, in deep ocean floor, in deserts and on or inside the body of plants and animals. Nutrition - autotrophs - can prepare their own food, heterotrophs - depend on others for food, saprophytes - feed on dead and decaying matter, parasitic - live on other host cells for survival and cause, symbiotic - in mutual relation with other organisms, commensalism - it is where one organism is benefited and the other is not affected, mutualism - where both the organisms are benefited. Respiration - respiration in these organisms vary, they may be obligate aerobes - the organisms must have organisms for survival; obligate anaerobes - the organisms cannot survive in the presence of oxygen; facultative anaerobes - these organisms can survive with or without oxygen. Circulation - is through diffusion. Movement - is with the help of flagella. Reproduction is mostly asexual, sexual reproduction is also seen. Asexual reproduction is by binary fission, sexual reproduction is by conjugation, transformation and transduction. Classification of Kingdom Monera Back to Top Kingdom Monera has been classified into two groups - Archaebacteria and Eubacteria . Archaebacteria are microbes that live in extreme and harsh conditions, they are known as extremophiles. These bacteria lack cell wall, their cell membrane is made up of different lipids, and their ribosomes are similar to that of eukaryotes. A r cha e bacteria are of three major groups of bacteria based on their habitat i.e., thermophiles, halophiles and methanogens. Some extremophiles live in boiling water like geysers of Yellowstone National Park and and in volcanoes. These are known as 'thermophiles'. Some extremophiles live in extremely salty water, the salt loving bacteria are known as 'halophiles'. Some bacteria are present in the guts of ruminants and are responsible for production of methane gas from their dung. These bacteria are known as '
sow 1 sow1. 1  to scatter (seed) over land, earth, etc., for growth; plant. 2  to plant seed for: to sow a crop. 3  to scatter seed over (land, earth, etc.) for the purpose of growth. 4  to implant, introduce, or promulgate; seek to propagate or extend; disseminate: to sow distrust or dissension. 5  to strew or sprinkle with anything.
AnyConnect VPN Client FAQ A. The AnyConnect SSL VPN Client can use a configured proxy server in your browser(Internet Explorer only). However, when it connects, it does not negotiate a DatagramTransport Layer Security (DTLS) User Datagram Protocol (UDP) tunnel.
- Skeletal muscle cells are multinucleated because they consist of several cells that have fused together. Muscle cells contain many mitochondria and the characteristic protein filaments(myosin and actin) which are responsible for the muscle contraction. Terminology: the prefix sarco-and myo-both relate to muscle.
6 Things You Should Know About Alabama's Chief Justice Roy Moore
Here's one thought. At the instant a child is born, his (or her) brain has been developing for nine months. It is already quite complicated and sophisticated. While that doesn't answer your question (I don't know enough to fully discuss it), it certainly suggests a way of thinking about it.
What is a secret you would like to share on Quora?
Golden eagle From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other uses, see Golden Eagle (disambiguation). Golden eagle Adult of the North American subspecies Aquila chrysaetos canadensiscall of a Golden Eagle Conservation status Least Concern ( IUCN 3.1) [1]Scientific classification Kingdom: Animalia Phylum: Chordata Class: Aves Order: Accipitriformes Family: Accipitridae Genus: Aquila Species: A. chrysaetos Binomial name Aquila chrysaetos ( Linnaeus, 1758)Range of A. chrysaetos Breeding range Year-round range Wintering range Synonyms Falco chrysaëtos Linnaeus, 1758The golden eagle ( Aquila chrysaetos) is one of the best-known birds of prey in the Northern Hemisphere. It is the most widely distributed species of eagle. Like all eagles, it belongs to the family Accipitridae. These birds are dark brown, with lighter golden-brown plumage on their napes. Immature eagles of this species typically have white on the tail and often have white markings on the wings. Golden eagles use their agility and speed combined with powerful feet and massive, sharp talons to snatch up a variety of prey, mainly hares, rabbits, marmots and other ground squirrels. [2]Golden eagles maintain home ranges or territories that may be as large as 200 km 2 (77 sq mi). They build large nests in cliffs and other high places to which they may return for several breeding years. Most breeding activities take place in the spring; they are monogamous and may remain together for several years or possibly for life. Females lay up to four eggs, and then incubate them for six weeks. Typically, one or two young survive to fledge in about three months. These juvenile golden eagles usually attain full independence in the fall, after which they wander widely until establishing a territory for themselves in four to five years. Once widespread across the Holarctic, it has disappeared from many areas which are now more heavily populated by humans. Despite being extirpated from or uncommon in some of its former range, the species is still widespread, being present in sizeable stretches of Eurasia, North America, and parts of North Africa. It is the largest and least populous of the five species of true accipitrid to occur as a breeding species in both the Palearctic and the Nearctic. [3]For centuries, this species has been one of the most highly regarded birds used in falconry. Due to its hunting prowess, the golden eagle is regarded with great mystic reverence in some ancient, tribal cultures. It is one of the most extensively studied species of raptor in the world in some parts of its range, such as the Western United States and the Western Palearctic. Contents [ hide ]1 Description1.1 Size1.2 Colour1.3 Moulting1.4 Vocalisations1.5 Flight1.6 Distinguishing from other species2 Taxonomy and systematics2.1 Subspecies and distribution3 Habitat3.1 Eurasia3.2 North America4 Dietary biology5 Activity and movements5.1 Migration5.2 Territoriality6 Reproduction7 Longevity7.1 Natural mortality8 Killing permits9 In human culture10 Status and conservation11 References12 Further reading13 External links Description Size The formidable foot and talons of a golden eagle The golden eagle is a very large raptor, 66 to 102 centimetres (26 to 40 in) in length. Its wings are broad and the wingspan is 1.8 to 2.34 metres (5 ft 11 in to 7 ft 8 in). [4] [5] [6] [7] Golden eagles' wingspan is the fifth largest among living eagle species. [5] Females are larger than males, with a bigger difference in larger subspecies. Females of the large Himalayan golden eagles are about 37% heavier than males and have nearly 9% longer wings, whereas in the smaller Japanese golden eagles, females are only 26% heavier with around 6% longer wings. [2] [8] In the largest subspecies ( A. c. daphanea ), males and females weigh typically 4.05 kilograms (8.9 lb) and 6.35 kg (14.0 lb), respectively. In the smallest subspecies, A. c. japonica, males weigh 2.5 kg (5.5 lb) and females 3.25 kg (7.2 lb). [2] In the species overall, males average around 3.6 kg (7.9 lb) and females around 5.1 kg (11 lb). [9] The
Necklace dream meaning To dream of receiving a necklace signifies a pleasant gift that highlights your ability to speak for yourself. To dream about losing a necklace may mean you're afraid you will lose the opportunity to express yourself. (read all at source)
Acrophobia Acrophobia Acrophobia is an extreme or irrational fear or phobia of heights, especially when one is not particularly high up. It belongs to a category of specific phobias, called space and motion discomfort, that share both similar causes and options for treatment. Most people experience a degree of natural fear when exposed to heights, known as the fear of falling. On the other hand, those who have little fear of such exposure are said to have a head for heights. A head for heights is advantageous for those hiking or climbing in mountainous terrain and also in certain jobs e.g.
Dreddit got some lovin for me? So the corp I'm in pretty much sucks (and not in the free blowjobs kind of way).  I've been kicking around the idea of leaving but I don't have enough sp for any of the major nullsec alliances plus other friends that have left to them say they aren't getting enough fighting done.

I've been lurking reddit for awhile and made this account in case I ever wanted to join up.  That time has come.  Currently I live up in rzr space so moving to dekklein shouldn't be an issue (if that's where you need me).  

Pretty obvious I haven't postEd much so hopefully that's not an issue (read: clearly I'm a spai...but I drink A LOT so i'm ineffective at best).

Got a few questions too: 
you still blue to nc?
what's the tax rate/what are the montly dues?
Anyone available to move a couple rigged bs's/bc's?
Finally what the fuck is up with Oreos; those damned apes took the stuffing out of the normal Oreos and put it on the double stuffed.  They're selling the same amount of stuffing for more..assholes.

Oh yeah you guys got public comms?  I'm way more active on ts/vent/cans-with-strings
Park assist Park assist Helps you park your car quickly and easily 
As an interesting side note, nuclear explosions are exactly the reason that [pre-war steel](_URL_0_) can be so valuable in scientific applications. All steel produced after 1945 is contaminated radioactively to a degree from nuclear explosions and therefore can't be used for geiger counters or other sensitive things. There's plenty of clean steel in stuff like old scuttled battleships, but as far as I'm aware there isn't any way to get around the background radiation. The amount has gone down since the 50s and 60s but I'm not sure if it is ever expected to return to pre-nuclear levels.
Rufus Parenting / Baby Names / R / Boy / Rufus Rufus The name Rufus is a baby boy name. Meaning Biblical Meaning: The name Rufus is a Biblical baby name. In Biblical the meaning of the name Rufus is: Red. American Meaning: The name Rufus is an American baby name. In American the meaning of the name Rufus is: Red. Latin Meaning: The name Rufus is a Latin baby name. In Latin the meaning of the name Rufus is: Red; red haired. Numerology Soul Urge Number: 6People with this name have a deep inner desire for a stable, loving family or community, and a need to work with others and to be appreciated. Expression Number: 22People with this name tend to be a powerful force to all whose lives they touch. They are capable, charismatic leaders who often undertake large endeavors with great success. They value truth, justice, and discipline, and may be quick-tempered with those who do not. If they fail to develop their potential, they may become impractical and rigid. 
topo topo (plural topos) 1  A topographic map. ( 2 climbing) A map or sketch of a climbing route.
Compared to what other mammals? All of the other large primates, dolphins, elephants, rhinos, giraffes, seals and other pinnipeds, equines, wild cattle worldwide, wild goats, wild sheep, deer and other cervidae, llamas...all have a single baby, or rarely, twins.
Form ST 105 General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate Form ST 105 General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate Share INSTRUCTIONS: INDIANA GENERAL SALES TAX EXEMPTION CERTIFICATE (Form ST-105)Registered Indiana retailers and out-of-state businesses may both use a form ST-105 to certify that a purchase of tangible personal property is exempt from collection of state sales tax. This article discusses the certificate, which can be found on the forms repository website maintained by the government of Indiana. Note that this form does not apply to purchases of utilities, vehicles, watercraft or aircraft. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 1: In Section 1, give the name of the purchaser, their business address and provide your Indiana Retail Merchant's Certificate number. If you do not have one, provide your state tax ID number from another state and note which state issued it. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 2: In section 2, note whether this certificate applies to one purchase or is intended to act as a blanket certificate covering all subsequent purchases from the seller in question. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 3: Write a description of the items which will be purchased. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 4: In section 3, you must indicate with a check mark which of the listed types of exemptions you are claiming. The first option concerns purchases made for the the purpose of resale. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 5: The second option concerns sales of equipment and tools to be used in direct production. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 6: The third option concerns sales to qualifying nonprofit organizations. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 7: The fourth option concerns sales of products used primarily for public transportation. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 8: The fifth option concerns sales of products to be used directly in agricultural activities. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 9: The sixth option concerns sales to a contractor working on an exempt project. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 10: The seventh option concerns sales to state government units. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 11: The eight option concerns sales to federal government units. Give the name of the agency. Indiana General Sales Tax Exemption Certificate ST-105 Step 12: If none of the above, provide an explanation. The purchaser should sign and date the form. Download the PDF file . Commentscomments No related posts. 
Sebaceous Cysts in Cats or Dogs Dog Health Dog Diseases & Conditions A-Z Sebaceous Cysts in Cats or Dogs Sebaceous Cysts in Cats or Dogs Dog Diseases & Conditions A-ZOverview A sebaceous cyst can develop when a hair follicle or skin pore gets blocked by dirt, debris, or scar tissue, or as the result of an infection. Our pets, like us, have microscopic oil glands that produce sebum. These glands are called sebaceous glands. Sebum is the oil that keeps hair nice and shiny, but sometimes this oil can become thick and clog skin pores and hair follicles, as well. Sebaceous cysts are basically very large pimples that are usually harmless to your pet. If left alone, they could resolve without treatment, but many tend to recur. All dogs and cats can get sebaceous cysts, whether purebred or not. The cysts look like enclosed small bumps that stay whitish in color and are raised from the skin. When touched, they feel like small circular or oval lumps under the skin. Symptoms If your pet has a sebaceous cyst, you will notice a raised bump. It may seem white or slightly blue in color. If it bursts, it will ooze a grayish white, brownish, or cottage-cheese-like discharge. These cysts usually develop on the head, neck, torso, or upper legs. Diagnosis/Treatment While sebaceous cysts are benign, they may be difficult to distinguish from other lumps and bumps that could be cancerous. In situations where your veterinarian may be concerned about the cyst, he or she may recommend a fine-needle aspiration of the cyst to identify its contents, or even surgical removal and further diagnostics, such as biopsy. Sometimes, conservative therapy with antibiotics, anti-inflammatory drugs, or other medications may be recommended. Other indications for cyst removal include infection, inflammation, or rupture of contents, which can be associated with a significant amount of bleeding and pus-like discharge. Prevention Caring for your pet’s skin and coat as recommended by your veterinarian can help reduce the chance of sebaceous cysts forming. Make sure to discuss the right skin/coat care for your pet; overbathing can be just as problematic as not bathing enough, and all breeds of dogs and cats differ!If you have any questions or concerns, you should always visit or call your veterinarian – they are your best resource to ensure the health and well-being of your pets. Related symptoms: Bumps Share This Article Skin Skin Problems Conditions Cysts Acne You might also be interested in... Cuterebra Infestation in Dogs Urinary Incontinence in Dogs Is it an Emergency? Shivering, Lethargy, and More Keep Your Dog Cool This Summer: Heat Stroke, Part ICDC Releases Information about Ebola and Pets 
- Explanation and significance of independent assortment of homologous chromosomes during meiosis I. 1  Education.
Fort Davis, Alaska Fort Davis was a United States Army post established in the Nome Census Area of Alaska in 1900. It was named for General Jefferson C. Davis, the military commander of Alaska from 1868 to 1870.
Che Guevara Mausoleum Che Guevara Mausoleum The Che Guevara Mausoleum (, officially "Conjunto Escultórico Memorial Comandante Ernesto Che Guevara") is a memorial in Santa Clara, Cuba, located in "Plaza Che Guevara" (Che Guevara Square). It houses the remains of the revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara and twenty-nine of his fellow combatants killed in 1967 during Guevara's attempt to spur an armed uprising in Bolivia. The full area, which contains a bronze 22-foot statue of Guevara, is referred to as the Ernesto Guevara Sculptural Complex. Guevara was buried with full military honors on 17 October 1997 after his remains were discovered in Bolivia, exhumed and
When Do I Put Starter Fertilizer Down on My New Grass Seed? Since each lawn is different, you need to visually determine whether your lawn needs additional fertilizer, but most people can expect to fertilize again within three to four weeks of planting -- or when the grass is 1 to 1 1/2 inches tall. This encourages deep roots and inhibits weed growth.
No, you can only donate your liver once, mostly limited by the fact that not just any part of the liver can be sliced off and be able to fully regrow. There are two (main) lobes in the liver and each has a full set of connections needed to connect to the rest of the body (an artery, vein and bile duct). They take one of the lobes, and the remaining one just gets bigger to compensate, the taken one does not grow back.
- Electronegativity Difference and Bond Character Covalent bond - a shared pair of electrons between two atoms Electronegativity - the ability of an atom to attract electrons in a covalent bond. Electronegativity Difference, E, E = E1-E2, For example, each H—–O bond in H2O has: E = EO - EH E = 3.44 - 2.10 E = 1.44. As the electronegativity difference grows from 0.00 to >3.00, the sharing of electrons becomes more skewed. First one atom becomes partially negative, -, while the other becomes partially positive, +, and the bond is polarized, a polar covalent bond.
Top, bottom and versatile From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2015) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)"Power bottom" redirects here. For the band, see PWR BTTM. The man on the right is the "top" and the man on the left is the "bottom"In human sexuality, top, bottom and versatile are sex positions during sexual activity, especially between two men. A top is usually a person who penetrates, a bottom is usually one who receives penetration, and a versatile engages in both activities or is open to engaging in either activity. These terms may be elements of self-identity that indicate an individual's usual preference, but might also describe broader sexual identities. [1]Top, bottom and versatile are also used in BDSM to describe similar—but distinct—BDSM identities and practices. Contents [ hide ]1 Top2 Bottom3 Versatile4 Role vs. position among sexualities5 Prevalence6 BDSM7 Other8 See also9 References Top [ edit]A top is usually a person who engages in the penetrative role during sexual activity; for men who have sex with men (MSMs), this often involves penetration using the penis during anal sex, oral sex, [1] or vaginal sex. Top is also used as a verb meaning "to penetrate another". Top may also describe a broader personal identity involving dominance in a romantic or sexual relationship; however, this stipulation is not a requisite element of being a top. Topping can also involve penetration using the penis during vaginal intercourse, in the case of insertive cisgender gay men who have vaginal sex with receptive transgender gay men. [2]Several related terms exist. With regard to gay male sexuality, a total top is one who assumes an exclusively penetrative role for sex. [3] A power top is one noted for their great skill or aggressiveness in topping. A service top is "one who tops under the direction of an eager bottom". [4] A versatile top is one who prefers to top but who bottoms occasionally. [5] The terms penetrative partner [6] or giver are synonyms of top, created to describe the act of penetrating without implying non-egalitarian relations among participants. [ citation needed]Trevor Hart of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) found that self-identified tops were vastly more likely to act as the penetrative partner. The study also found that a top is also more likely to act as the penetrative partner in other sexual activities, such as oral sex and sex toy play. [7]Bottom [ edit]A bottom is usually the receptive partner during sexual penetration. This frequently refers to MSMs who are penetrated through the anus during anal sex. [1] Bottom is also used as a verb meaning "to be penetrated by another, whether anally or orally". Bottom may also describe a wider social context of submission within a romantic or sexual relationship, though this element does not apply to all people who prefer to bottom. In gay male sexuality, a total bottom is someone who assumes an exclusively passive or receptive role during anal, oral, or vaginal intercourse. A power bottom is someone who aggressively enjoys being the receptive partner. A versatile bottom is one who prefers to bottom but who tops occasionally. [8] The term receiver or receptive partner may be preferred by some. An oral bottom (alternatively described as being the "oral active" partner) is the exclusively receptive partner in oral sex, providing the penetrative partner, or oral top (alternatively described as being the "oral passive" partner), with unreciprocated fellatio and irrumatio. Bottoming can also involve penetration of the vagina by the penis during vaginal intercourse, in the case of receptive transgender gay men who have vaginal sex with insertive cisgender gay men. [2]Versatile [ edit]Versatile refers to a person who enjoys both topping and bottoming, or being dominant and submissive, and may alternate between the two 
AskFitness: Strength Training, Cardio, and Recovery I recently started StrongLifts' 5x5 beginner program. I also wanted to start the Couch-to-5k plan. I don't have time to do both on the same day, but I do have time to do them on alternate days.

Question: Would running Tu/Th/Sat impede my recovery from 5x5 M/W/F? or is this a reasonable plan?
- Proprietary Items. A proprietary item by definition is any item that is exclusively owned by a private individual or corporation under a trademark or patent that is selected for use exclusively in WSDOT Contract. The following are examples of proprietary item requests and approvals:
offend Relevance A-Z Complexity + Length +lists blocks Common Informal Synonyms for offendverb displease, insultaggrieve staranger starannoy starantagonize stardisgust stardisturb starexasperate stargall starhorrify starhurt starirritate staroutrage starprovoke starrile starshock starsicken starsting starupset staraffront stardisgruntle stardisoblige stardistress starfret starjar starmiff starnauseate starnettle starpain starpique starrepel starrepulse starsin starslight starslur starsnub startransgress startrespass starvex starwound starbe disagreeable starturn one off starzing star Explore Dictionary.com Insults We Should Bring Back 20 Words That Will Show Your Age Avoid these words. Seriously. The Oldest Words in English Antonyms for offendaidassistassuagecalmcomfortcuredelighthealhelpmake happyorderplacatepleasequietsootheagreeappeaseattractbehavecomplimentflattermollifyobeypraise Roget's 21st Century Thesaurus, Third Edition Copyright © 2013 by the Philip Lief Group. Cite This Source Extra Cozy Words We Need Right Now More words related to offendabuseverb. attack with wordsbackbitebad-mouthbashbelittleberateblow offcalumniatecapcastigatecuss outcut downcut to the quickdecrydefamederogatediscountdo a number ondump ongive a black eyehurl brickbatinsultknockminimizenagoffendoppresspersecutepick onput downrag onreproachrevileriderip uprun downscoldsignifyslamslapsling mudsmearsoundswear attear aparttrashupbraidvilifyvituperatezingaffrontverb. insult or involve in entanglementabuseangerannoyconfrontcriticizedispleasedispraisedump onencounterfacegive a zingergive the cold shoulderhit where one livesmeetoffendoutragepiqueprovokeput downslanderslighttauntvexangerverb. make someone mad; become madacerbateaffrontaggravateagitateannoyantagonizearousebaitblow upboilboil overbristleburnburn upchafecrazecrossdispleaseegg onembitterenrageexacerbateexasperateexcitefretgallget madget on one's nervesgoadincenseinflameinfuriateirritatelose one's tempermaddenmake soremiffnettleoffendoutragepiqueprovokeraise hellranklerantraverileruffleseethesteam upstewstir uptemptumbragevexantagonizeverb. cause problem; opposealienateangerannoycounteractestrangeinsultirritateneutralizeoffendrepelstrugglework againstbreakverb. violate lawbreachcontravenedisobeydisregardinfractinfringeoffendrenege ontransgressviolatechafeverb. annoyabradeangerannoybotherexasperateexercisefretfumegallgrateharassincenseinflameirkirritateitchoffendprovokeragerasprubrufflescrapescratchvexworry Roget's 21st Century Thesaurus, Third Edition Copyright © 2013 by the Philip Lief Group. Cite This Source1 2 3 ... 5 NEXT 
All of the cells in your tongue are made up of long strands of organic molecules, which simply means molecules that have carbon as the base of their structure. The protein molecules in your cells have a specific shape that is useful to the chemistry in your cells. When you apply excessive heat, these molecules become "denatured," meaning that their useful shape is destroyed and changed into some other shape. When this happens, your cells will die because the molecules inside of them are violently ripped apart and thrown all around into a useless mess.  When you cook an egg, you can see the denaturing process happening when the egg whites turns from clear to white. The same thing is happening in your tongue. Your body will have to replace those tasting cells unless you got much more than a first degree burn. As for the actual process by which they regrow, that's more out of my scope.
Functional Behavioral Assessments: What, Why, When, Where, and Who? What is a Functional Behavioral Assessment? The term Functional Behavioral Assessment comes from what is called a Functional Assessment or Functional Analysis in the field of applied behavior analysis.This is the process of determining the cause (or function) of behavior before developing an intervention.nfortunately, IDEA does not provide specific guidelines regarding the conduct of a functional behavioral assessment. Each school district is left to its own devices when interpreting the guidelines and may opt for lower quality standards. Below are my comments on conducting a functional behavioral assessment (FBA).
How To Easily Poach an Egg Cooking Lessons from The Kitchn How To Easily Poach an Egg Faith Durand Jul 11, 2014Share Email (Image credit: Leela Cyd)Open Slideshow When I eye a dish and think, "That would be so much better with an egg on top," what I usually have in mind is a poached egg. Poached eggs are cooked by slipping them naked into a bath of gently simmering water, and they come out with silky, easily pierced whites, and golden, gooey yolks. I dearly love poached eggs, but they have a reputation for being difficult or finicky. Hardly. Let me show you how I poach an egg; there's really nothing to it. (Image credit: Leela Cyd)The big difference between an easy poached egg and a slightly more difficult one is your tolerance for imperfection. I admit it's tough to get the perfectly round, satiny smooth poached eggs you see adorning restaurant dishes. But if all you want is one delicious egg, albeit one with a little extra white trailing off to the side or wrinkled top underneath the salt and pepper, we have you covered. One big key to success with poached eggs is also using fresh eggs. As eggs age, the composition of the whites change and becomes more fluid. The fresher the egg, the "tighter" it will poach; the older your egg, the more ghost-like wispies in the water. A spoonful of vinegar helps the situation by encouraging the whites to coagulate quickly. If you're new to poaching and want a guarantee of success, we recommend adding vinegar. Don't worry — just a splash won't change the flavor of your egg!You can also poach several eggs at once, but make sure there's room in your pan for each one to have a little elbow room. Crack them into separate measuring cups and slip them into the water one by one. You'll also need to extend the cooking time by about 30 seconds for each extra egg. The most basic poached egg is so simple that a child could make it, and there's no reason not to, as it really is one of the most delicious and satisfying tasks in the kitchen. Fill the saucepan about 2/3 full with water and bring to a boil. How To Poach an Egg Easily Makes 1 poached egg What You Need Ingredients Water 1 large egg 1 tablespoon rice vinegar or other mild-tasting vinegar Salt and freshly ground black pepper Equipment Small saucepan Small measuring cup Timer Slotted spoon Paper towel, optional Instructions Heat the water: Fill the saucepan about 2/3 full with water and bring to a boil. Take the water down to a simmer: Turn the heat down and let the water relax into a brisk simmer. You should see bubbles coming up to the surface, but it won't be rolling. (It's easier and quicker to control the simmer if you bring it to a boil first, then reduce the heat rather than trying to get it to the perfect simmer from the get-go. )Crack the egg into a small cup: Crack the egg into a small measuring cup, preferably one with a long handle. This will help you ease the egg into the water. Add vinegar to the water: This step is optional, but many people like to add vinegar to the boiling water because it helps the loose, billowy white cohere to itself and cook into a more compact shape. The taste is not noticeable in the finished egg, although you might notice a firmer, more "squeaky" texture to the white. Ease the egg into the water: Use the measuring cup to carefully lower the egg into the water and then tip it out into the water. Make sure the water is at a bare simmer. Cook for 4 minutes: The final cooking time for a poached egg is very much up to you, and it depends on how well you like your eggs done and how hot the water is. But 4 minutes, give or take, in lightly simmering water, will give you a firm white and a gooey but still runny yolk. Remove the egg: Use a slotted spoon to remove the egg from the water. Pat the egg dry: This is optional as well, but I like to pat the egg dry lightly with a paper towel. Season and eat! Place the poached egg on a salad, piece of toast, or a plate and season to taste with salt and pepper. Eat immediately!Recipe Notes Poaching Multiple Eggs: If you want to poach multiple eggs at once, make sure 
101 Fundraising Auction Donations Sources This auction donations list will save you hours of time compared to finding all these fundraising auction item sources on your own. When requesting items for your charity auction, be prepared to provide your non-profit 501(c)(3) number and request item donations at least six weeks ahead of time. Many companies limit their donations in various ways, so it’s best to apply as early as possible.
Please don't throw them away! A massive problem for historians trying to study the day to day lives of people outside the ruling classes of society is the lack of written documents concerning their lives. The problem is, as you have said, that people regard these letters as superfluous due to their content and don't bother preserving them or just throw them away. This leads to a shortage of actual primary sources that we can use to find out about the day to day lives of ordinary people. Letters between ordinary people are a useful way of finding out about how they lived, what things were of greatest concern to them (usually mentioned frequently in letters or often at the beginning) and what relationships they had. It might be worth trying to find someone who can do a proper transcription and translation and give you a better idea of what the letters say. I'm sure future generations of your family will be fascinated to read about their ancestors lives and to have such a physical link.
Callum O'Neill Callum O'Neill. Actor | Miscellaneous Crew. Callum O'Neill is known for his work on Brave (2012), The Legend of Mor'du (2012) and Ten Days to D-Day (2004).
Richard Nixon Richard Nixon, in full Richard Milhous Nixon (born January 9, 1913, Yorba Linda, California, U.S.—died April 22, 1994, New York, New York) 37th president of the United States (1969–74), who, faced with almost certain impeachment for his role in the Watergate scandal, became the first American president to resign from office.
a thousand pardonsin English a thousand pardonsin Englishtranslation and definition "a thousand pardons", Dictionary English-English onlinea thousand pardons Example sentences with "a thousand pardons", translation memory A thousand pardons, Your Majesty, but the man is a simple man, the Lieutenant, and he is not used to our ways. A thousand pardons, my Lord Vanion,' he apologized, but there's a Pandion here who calls himself Sparhawk. "Oh, that's all right, that's all right, give us a rest; never mind about the direction, hang the direction - I beg pardon, I beg a thousand pardons, I am not well to-day; pay no attention when I soliloquize, it is an old habit, an old, bad habit, and hard to get rid of when one's digestion is all disordered with eating food that was raised forever and ever before he was born; good land! a man can't keep his functions regular on spring chickens thirteen hundred years old. A thousand pardon, ladies A thousand pardons, ma' am A thousand pardons Oh, a thousand pardons, my dear man. The delay... a thousand pardons A thousand pardons, effendi Oh, a thousand pardons. A thousand pardons, Divine Majesty, I had almost forgotten. A thousand pardons, Your Grace Mr Rivers, a thousand pardons, madam A thousand pardons, madam. A thousand pardons, my little carbuncle A thousand pardons, I had almost forgotten A thousand pardons, but what identification cards? A thousand pardons, my lady. A thousand pardons, my dear!Then perceiving for the first time the garb of the traveller he had to entertain, Caderousse hastily exclaimed: " A thousand pardons!Sorry, a thousand pardon A thousand pardons, my little carbuncle. A thousand pardons, Excellency. Showing page 1. Found 141 sentences matching phrase "a thousand pardons". Found in 2 ms. Translation memories are created by human, but computer aligned, which might cause mistakes. They come from many sources and are not checked. Be warned. Check translations in other languages: Polish (pl) 
Most of the time, they were bought directly from other Africans. The idea that slaves were kidnapped and captured by marauding Europeans is largely a myth, and one of the most harmful ones that persists. Africans owned slaves much like Europeans owned land so going into their lands and stealing their property bode ill for their relations, thus it was a rare occurrence. Most of the slaves, about 80%, were bought directly from Africans. *1493* by Charles C Mann has some great info on the subject of you want a more in depth look into the matter.
Gutter and Downspouts Copper gutters are very corrosion-resistant, so they will endure even in harsh conditions and areas with a great deal of acid rain. It is also sturdy, and it meshes well with a wide variety of roofing materials, including slate, cedar shakes, and composite roofing.
How Much Bee Pollen Is Enough? How Much Bee Pollen Is Enough? If you are asking the question “how much bee pollen should I take?” then obviously you have already been doing your research. Likely you discovered that by supplementing your diet with this nutritious source of food you can achieve a variety of health benefits from increased energy to an improved immune system and better overall health. Various Amounts For Various Needs You have probably also learned that many people take different forms of this dietary supplement for different reasons. While many people simply want to achieve higher energy levels to get through their days, dieters often take bee pollen to help them decrease their appetite, and to ensure they get proper nutrition when dieting. Athletes swear it helps them have more stamina and recover from workouts faster. Those undergoing cancer treatments state bee pollen helps them to increase their appetite so they can maintain better overall health while fighting the disease. That being said, it is obvious that how much bee pollen you take is going to depend on the form of the supplement, your overall health, and the reasons why you are taking it in the first place. If you are taking raw or fresh frozen bee pollen then the recommended daily dose is 1 or 2 tablespoons per day. However, you need to keep in mind that some people may need to take more because it is more difficult to digest. This is because much of the raw or fresh frozen pollen will pass through your digestive tract before your digestive system can break it down to get those nutrients out of the hardened shell. With powdered supplements and capsules the shell is broken down so usually 2 or 3 capsules a day is sufficient for most people to get the added health benefits from this supplement. Your diet has an impact on dosage too. People who are eating a healthy diet that contains all the right nutrients may find that taking one capsule a day is sufficient to give them that extra nutritional boost they need. Others who have been eating a diet poor in vital nutrients may find they need to take more capsules until their bodies start to respond to the added nutrients. In addition, those whose bodies are under stress, such as an athlete in training, or a cancer patient, are more likely to need larger doses of pollen than people simply trying to improve their overall health. The best course of action is to begin with a small dose and slowly work your way up to the maximum recommended dosage stopping when you get the benefits you are looking for. The Right Bee Pollen Is As Important As How Much The truth is that it is just as important to take the right supplement as how much bee pollen you take. In order to get the most nutrition from your bee pollen you need to: Make sure that you purchase a supplement capsule that has been processed using freeze drying not heating, as heating pollen will destroy some of the nutrients. Make sure your pollen comes from hives in areas where pollution is not a problem. Industrial countries such as the U. S. and China have a lot of pollution in the air. Airborne pollutants end up on plants and flowers. Ultimately the bees pick up this pollution along with the pollen they collect from the flowers. As a result heavy metals, toxins, and chemicals that can negatively affect your health wind up in that so-called healthy supplement. Catching a Swarm @ The Brooklyn Grange Apiary from Alex Brown on Vimeo. The bee pollen supplement made by this company is harvested and processed according to all the criteria you should look for in a bee byproduct dietary supplement. Hopefully you have enough information to ensure that you choose the right supplement. Then you can decide how much bee pollen you actually need to feel your best. Resources: Learn how to take bee pollen What’s the right bee pollen dosage for you? Finding the right raw bee pollen dosage How much bee pollen is needed for weight loss? 
- Pediatric Nurse Education Requirements. In terms of educational background, pediatric nurse requirements include either an Associate's or a Bachelor's degree in Nursing. An Associate's degree (ADN) typically takes two years to complete, while a Bachelor's degree (BSN) typically takes four years.ADN programs are usually offered by community colleges.weet. Pediatric nurses are registered nurses (RNs) who work specifically with children and adolescents. They work in hospitals, clinics, doctors' offices, non-profit medical services groups, schools, outpatient facilities or provide in-home services.
Leavenworth, Kansas Leavenworth is the largest city in and the county seat of Leavenworth County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 35,251.
. Bill Ming April 9, 1936 - August 10, 2009Obituary Guestbook Bill Ming 73 of Bouxite, Arkansas died Monday, August 10, 2009 in Paris, Arkansas. He was born April 9, 1936 in Paris, Arkansas to William T. and Okla Ming. He was a Air Force Veteran and Business Owner of Ming Concrete of Bauxite, AR. for 40 years. He was of the Assembly of God Faith. Bill is preceded in death by; his parents, one sister Elmeta Ming, two brothers, George S. Ming and Hulan Ming. He is survived by; one son Leslie Ming of Mabelvale, AR. one daughter Kathy Davis of Paris, AR. one sister Jean Boitel of Fort Smith, AR and one brother Murl Leon Ming of Mabelvale, AR., four grandchildren, two great grandchildren and numerous other family and friends. Visitation will be held from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. on Wednesday, August 12, 2009 at Roller Funeral home in Paris Arkansas. Funeral services will be held at 2:00 p.m. on Thursday, August 13, 2009 at the Roller Funeral Home Chapel with burial at Baxley Cemetery in Paris, Arkansas, under the direction of Roller Funeral Home-Paris. Pallbearers will be Ron Ramsey, Stan Ramsey, Ronald Boitel, John Davis, Bill Stinnett, Shane Phillips Print Obituary Bill Ming Visitation Schedule Roller Funeral Home Chapel1700 E. Walnut St. Paris, AR 72855 Wednesday, August 12, 2009 6:00 to 8:00 P. M. Map & Directions Service Schedule Roller Funeral Home Chapel1700 E. Walnut St Paris, AR 72855 Thursday, August 13, 2009 2:00 P. M. Map & Directions Cemetery Baxley Cemetery N. 5th Street Paris , AR 72855Map & Directions Return to Obituaries 
Going to Los Angeles, California for the first time. Hi reddit! This is my first time asking for your help here and would really appreciate some feedback. Well first a bit about me and my upcoming trip. I'm a 21 year old student from New York City visiting the City of Angels for the first time with my best friend (20). We'll be staying at my other best friend's place there so we won't have to pay for a hotel. I don't know if I need to add this but we're all females. We are planning on renting a car to get around. The trip is from August 7-13 and we have a few places that we really want to check out. My questions to you all are the basics what to do and what are must sees? I also have a bit of a crazy idea stirring in my head and it's that I really want to visit a family friend in San Francisco. If it would be at all possible to be there from the 10-12 how would I go about that. I spoke to my friend and she really wants to go but we're at a lost. Driving there wouldn't be impossible but it would be a bit ridiculous. If anyone made a trip from LA to SF that could offer me some advice on this I would really appreciate it, be it by car, bus, train, or plane. Thank you reddit! I will answer any questions if needed. And should I cross post this with other subreddits?

**EDIT:** Thank you so much for all of your help. I have discussed things with my friends and I will be flying there and back. It will be great! I cannot wait to finally see the West coast =)


**EDIT 2:** Thanks again to my wonderful reddit community for all the input. I know this question gets asked a lot so thank you again for all the great suggestions. I have a feeling I will be coming back a fatty from all the great food ideas! =D You guys/gals rock!!!
- HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY. Carbonic Systems, Inc. stores, handles, sells and transports the following materials: COMPRESSED GASES - Helium, Nitrogen, Carbon Dioxide, 75% Nitrogen-25% Carbon Dioxide (compressed gases, n.o.s.) and Oxygen. DRYICE (solid Carbon Dioxide) and BULK REFRIGERATED LIQUID CARBON DIOXIDE. Each of these hazardous materials are considered hazardous for one or more of the following reasons: 1. HIGH PRESSURE: Cylinder gases are stored in cylinders with pressures ranging from 400-2400 psi. The valve is the weakest part of the cylinder, which is why cylinder caps are required on all but the smaller cylinders.
When is a uniformly dense family of functions dense in L^p?
Is it possible to reach earths core or centre?
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
This comment is not toxic.
Because they have a common ancestor in Latin. The Roman empire controlled a large chunk of Europe and people continued speaking Latin in parts of it after the empire fell. After centuries and centuries, local varieties of Latin diverged into separate languages.
- Artist Biography. Masud Ashley Olufani (MAO) is an Atlanta based mixed media artist whose studio practice is rooted in the discipline of sculpture. He is a graduate of Arts High School in Newark, N.J., Morehouse College and The Savannah College of Art and Design where he earned an M.F.A. in sculpture in 2012.
I tend to take a middle path. On the one hand, taking a primarily moral approach to the past can just come off as morally masturbatory presentism - e.g, congratulating ourselves on no longer thinking slavery should be legal or that women shouldn't vote. On the other hand, a totally morally relativist approach to the past can be just as blind - there have been some truly awful things done in history, and attempting to ignore their moral dimension is to ignore a major aspect of these events. I guess this is probably everyone's approach, but we all draw the line in different places.
solvent for duct-tape adhesive?
What does the G stand for in the Super G at the winter Olympics? Best Answer: Giant ... Super Giant Slalom Skiing http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Giant... ## ... the super g is a very fast course with tight turnas and the ...
Today, Estonian society encourages liberty and liberalism, with popular commitment to the ideals of the limited government, discouraging centralised power and corruption. The Protestant work ethic remains a significant cultural staple, and free education is a highly prized institution. Like the mainstream culture in the other Nordic countries, Estonian culture can be seen to build upon the ascetic environmental realities and traditional livelihoods, a heritage of comparatively widespread egalitarianism out of practical reasons (see: Everyman's right and universal suffrage), and the ideals of closeness to nature and self-sufficiency (see: summer cottage).
Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport of the nearly one million flights are domestic flights from within the United States, where the airport serves as a major hub for travel throughout the southeastern region of the country. Atlanta has been the world's busiest airport by passenger traffic since 1998; and by number of landings and take-offs from 2005 to 2013, losing that title to Chicago–O'Hare in 2014, but regaining it a year later. Hartsfield–Jackson held its ranking as the world's busiest airport in 2012, both in passengers and number of flights, by accommodating 100 million passengers (more than 260,000 passengers daily) and 950,119 flights. In 2017,
Because trains do a lot of idling as well. Turbines are ungodly inefficient at low speed (power) There are several examples of turbine locomotives though. The opitomy of which were Union Pacific's General Electric turbine locomotives (GTEl's). Flooring 8500hp (and by some accounts capable of up to 10k.) The main disadvantages comes in their size, and the massive amount of fuel. The GTELs used a 3 unit consist for each motive into. By today's standards it would be underpowered (8500 vs 13k in flagship locomotives), they also used more fuel. The reason that UP's GTELs were economic for the time was that bunker C fuel had no other use (This was a time before advanced refining techniques) and it was first cheap. They are/were also exceptionally loud.
Bridge City, LA Profile: Facts, Map & Data The primary coordinate point for Bridge City is located at latitude 29.9408 and longitude -90.1566 in Jefferson Parish. The formal boundaries for the Bridge City Census Designated Place (see map below) encompass a land area of 4.18 sq. miles and a water area of 1.07 sq. miles. Jefferson Parish is in the Central time zone (GMT -6). The elevation is 3 feet. The Bridge City Census Designated Place (GNIS ID: 2402715) has a U1 Census Class Code which indicates a census designated place with an official federally recognized name.
Iredell County, North Carolina Iredell County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina. According to current US Census projections in 2014, the population was 166,675. Its county seat is Statesville, and its largest town is Mooresville. The county was formed in 1788, annexed from Rowan County. It is named for James Iredell, a justice of the Supreme Court of the United States nominated by George Washington.
Vera Farmiga Vera Ann Farmiga ( -LSB- fɑrˈmiːɡə -RSB- born August 6 , 1973 ) is an American actress , director and producer . She began her career on Broadway in the play Taking Sides ( 1996 ) . She made her television debut in the Fox fantasy series Roar ( 1997 ) , and her film debut in the drama-thriller Return to Paradise ( 1998 ) .   Farmiga 's breakout role came in 2004 , when she portrayed a mother harboring a secret drug habit in the drama film Down to the Bone . She then co-starred in The Manchurian Candidate ( 2004 ) , The Departed ( 2006 ) , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas ( 2008 ) , and Nothing But the Truth ( 2008 ) . She gained more critical acclaim for her role as Alex Goran in the 2009 comedy-drama Up in the Air , for which she was nominated for the Academy Award , BAFTA Award , Golden Globe Award , and Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Supporting Actress .   She then had starring roles in Orphan ( 2009 ) , Source Code ( 2011 ) , and Safe House ( 2012 ) . Farmiga made her directorial debut with the drama film Higher Ground ( 2011 ) , in which she also starred in the lead role . In 2013 , she portrayed paranormal investigator Lorraine Warren in the horror film The Conjuring , and reprised the role in the 2016 sequel The Conjuring 2 .   From 2013 to 2017 , Farmiga starred as Norma Louise Bates in the A&E drama-thriller series Bates Motel , for which she received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination . This role , along with her roles in Joshua , Orphan , and the two Conjuring films , has dubbed her as a contemporary scream queen .
- Sheffield Financial Customer Service Phone Number. Phone Number of Sheffield Financial is (800) 438-8892, (336) 766-1388, (888) 438-8837 . Sheffield Financial company is started in April 1992 by Jack Snow together with 4 employees. Sheffield Financial company is started with the $3.4 million in loans and is developed the enterprises to the high level.
What Your First Grader Should Know What your first grader should know going into school. More Independence. First grade involves increased responsibilities and huge growth in terms of learning to read. Children who are well prepared for first grade enter school being able to follow two and three step directions.
If the countries of the world had slogans, what would they be?
- Westport, Connecticut. Westport is a coastal town of colonial origin located along Long Island Sound in Fairfield County, Connecticut, 47 miles (76 km) northeast of New York City in the United States.
This comment is not toxic.
APUSH chapter 13 20 terms asp789APUSH chapter 13Learn Flashcards Write Spell Test Match Gravity Advertisement Upgrade to remove ads Like this study set? Create a free account to save it. Create a free account Maybe later Sort"THE NEW DEMOCRACY" ... DAVY CROCKETT/"COONSKIN CONGRESSMEN" ... POLITICKING ..."KING CAUCUS" Up until 1820, presidential candidates were nominated by caucuses of the two parties in Congress, but in 1824, this idea was overthrown. Andrew Jackson's term for selection process of candidates HENRY CLAY/"THE CORRUPT BARGAIN" 4 main "Republican" candidates in the election of 1824: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, William Crawford, and Henry Clay. No candidate won the majority of electoral votes. Clay convinced the house to elect John Quincy Adams as PResident. Adams agreed to make Clay the Secretary of State for getting him into office. People felt that there was a "corrupt bargain" because Andrew Jackson had the popular vote JOHN QUINCY ADAMS U. S. Senator from Massachusetts and was Secretary of State under President Monroe. In the presidential election of 1824, no one candidate received a majority of electoral votes and the election was decided in his favor by Congress. Sixth president of the United States. He was in favor of funding national research and he appointed Henry Clay as his Secretary of State. During his presidency the National Republicans were formed in support of him. "TARIFF OF ABOMINATIONS" raised the tariff on imported manufactured goods. The tariff protected the North but harmed the South; South said that the tariff was economically discriminatory and unconstitutional because it violated state's rights. passed because New England favored high tariffs. DENMARK VESEY American insurrectionist. A freed slave in South Carolina, he was implicated in the planning of a large uprising of slaves and was hanged. The event led to more stringent slave codes in many Southern states. "THE SOUTH CAROLINA EXPOSITION" Book published anonymously by John c. calhoun which states that states can nullify Federal laws deemed uncositutional, such as the Tariff of Abominations JOHN C CALHOUN The 7th Vice President of the United States and a leading Southern politician from South Carolina during the first half of the 19th century. He was an advocate of slavery, states' rights, limited government, and nullification. MUDSLINGING an attempt to ruin an opponent's reputation with insults. During the campaign of the election of 1828, both parties resorted to this. "REVOLUTION OF 1828" Jackson's election showed shift of political power to "the common man" when the government changed hands from quincy adams to jackson. increased democracy"OLD HICKORY" Nickname given to president #7 Andrew Jackson, for his toughness. Jackson was a veteran of the Creek War, and a hero of the battle of New Orleans during the War of 1812. He also had fought and won a number of duels. "KING ANDREW I" a nickname given to President Jackson by his enemies, the Whigs. His supporters, "supporters of the king", were Tories and his enemies were the Whigs. It came about because many thought he was assuming too much power as president. "KING MOB" Nickname for all the new participants in government that came with Jackson's presidency. This nickname was negative and proposed that Jackson believed in too much democracy, which eventually led to some of his failures SPOILS SYSTEM/ROTATION IN OFFICE practice of rewarding supporters with government jobs. Jackson's system of periodically replacing officeholders to allow ordinary citizens to play a more prominent role in government"KITCHEN CABINET" Jackson's group of unofficial advisors consisting of newspaper editors and Democratic leaders that met to discuss current issues. Jackson used the Kitchen Cabinet more than his official Cabinet. "PEGGY EATON AFFAIR" Social scandal; John Eaton, Secretary of War, stayed with the a family when in Washington, and there were rumors of his affair with Peggy, the wife, before her husband died in 1828; cabinet members snubbed the socially unacceptable Mrs. Eaton; Jackson 
From the 8th to the 10th century, three dynasties contested for control of northern India: the Gurjara Pratiharas of Malwa, the Palas of Bengal, and the Rashtrakutas of the Deccan. The Sena dynasty would later assume control of the Pala Empire, and the Gurjara Pratiharas fragmented into various states. These were the first of the Rajput states. The first recorded Rajput kingdoms emerged in Rajasthan in the 6th century, and small Rajput dynasties later ruled much of northern India. One Gurjar Rajput of the Chauhan clan, Prithvi Raj Chauhan, was known for bloody conflicts against the advancing Turkic sultanates. The Chola empire emerged as a major power during the reign of Raja Raja Chola I and Rajendra Chola I who successfully invaded parts of Southeast Asia and Sri Lanka in the 11th century. Lalitaditya Muktapida (r. 724 CE–760 CE) was an emperor of the Kashmiri Karkoṭa dynasty, which exercised influence in northwestern India from 625 CE until 1003, and was followed by Lohara dynasty. He is known primarily for his successful battles against the Muslim and Tibetan advances into Kashmiri-dominated regions. Kalhana in his Rajatarangini credits king Lalitaditya with leading an aggressive military campaign in Northern India and Central Asia. He broke into the Uttarapatha and defeated the rebellious tribes of the Kambojas, Tukharas (Turks in Turkmenistan and Tocharians in Badakhshan), Bhautas (Tibetans in Baltistan and Tibet) and Daradas (Dards). His campaign then led him to subjugate the kingdoms of Pragjyotisha, Strirajya and the Uttarakurus. The Shahi dynasty ruled portions of eastern Afghanistan, northern Pakistan, and Kashmir from the mid-7th century to the early 11th century.
Layne Britton Layne "Shotgun" Britton (September 5, 1907 – December 12, 1993) was a makeup artist and actor in Hollywood from 1939 until 1989. He worked with many notable actors and musicians, such as Frank Sinatra, Bob Hope, John Belushi, John Candy and Jane Russell. He had an extensive career in feature films and television, and a short career as an actor.
Barboursville, West Virginia Barboursville, West Virginia From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Barboursville, West Virginia Village Main Street in Barboursville in 2007Location of Barboursville in Cabell County, West Virginia. Coordinates: 38°24′40″N 82°17′52″WCoordinates: 38°24′40″N 82°17′52″WCountry United States State West Virginia County Cabell Area [1]• Total 4.19 sq mi (10.85 km 2)• Land 4.09 sq mi (10.59 km 2)• Water 0.10 sq mi (0.26 km 2)Elevation 581 ft (177 m)Population ( 2010) [2]• Total 3,964• Estimate (2016) [3] 4,262• Density 969.2/sq mi (374.2/km 2)Time zone Eastern (EST) ( UTC-5)• Summer ( DST) EDT ( UTC-4)ZIP code 25504Area code (s) 304FIPS code 54-04276 [4]GNIS feature ID 1553799 [5]Barboursville is a village in Cabell County, West Virginia, United States. It is located near the second largest city in the state, Huntington. The population was 3,964 at the 2010 census. Barboursville is a part of the Huntington-Ashland, WV-KY-OH, Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 287,702. New definitions from February 28, 2013 placed the population at 363,000. [6]Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Demographics2.1 2010 census2.2 2000 census3 Commerce4 Emergency services5 Education6 Landmarks7 Traditions8 RHistory [ edit]Barboursville was platted in 1813. [7]The Barboursville Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The Thornburg House was separately listed in 1991. [8] Barboursville also contains the historic Miller House, a building constructed in 1835 by local pioneer William Clendenin Miller, grandson of Major George Clendenin (Served under Lt. Colonel Daniel Boone in the 1774 Battle of Point Pleasant, and along with Boone was the first representative of Kanawha County, and incidentally what would become Cabell County. Also was a co-founder of Charleston, West Virginia .) [9]Notable People of Barboursville- William Clendenin Miller, local businessman, built the famous Miller House on Main Street, and lived there for a time.- Robert Campbell, local business leader and accountant, currently resides in Barboursville.- Don Campbell, World War Two veteran, lived in Chaffin Estates for a short time, a suburb of Barboursville.- Keller Washington, local story teller, was a Barboursville resident and worked at Sharp’s Garage on Route 60 for a number of years.- Harry Washington, a strange man, lived in Barboursville for years, and was a firefighter for the Huntington Fire Department.- Sassa Wilkes, local artist, resides in Chaffin Estates and runs /Māk/ Art Studo on Main Street. Geography Barboursville is located at 38°24′40″N 82°17′52″W (38.411002, -82.297758). [10] According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of 4.19 square miles (10.85 km 2 ), of which, 4.09 square miles (10.59 km 2) is land and 0.10 square miles (0.26 km 2) is water. [1] The confluence of the Mud River and the Guyandotte River is just north of the village. Demographics [ edit]Historical population Census Pop. %±1860 341 —1870 371 8.8%1880 361 −2.7%1900 429 —1910 907 111.4%1920 974 7.4%1930 1,508 54.8%1940 1,550 2.8%1950 1,943 25.4%1960 2,331 20.0%1970 2,279 −2.2%1980 2,871 26.0%1990 2,774 −3.4%2000 3,183 14.7%2010 3,964 24.5%Est. 2016 4,262 [3] 7.5%U. S. Decennial Census [11]2010 census [ edit]As of the census [2] of 2010, there were 3,964 people, 1,528 households, and 904 families residing in the village. The population density was 969.2 inhabitants per square mile (374.2/km 2 ). There were 1,625 housing units at an average density of 397.3 per square mile (153.4/km 2 ). The racial makeup of the village was 94.1% White, 3.1% African American, 0.2% Native American, 1.3% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.7% of the population. There were 1,528 households of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.2% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife pres
Arthritis Symptoms of arthritis include limited function and pain in the joints. Inflammation of the joints from arthritis is characterized by joint stiffness, swelling, redness, and warmth. Tenderness of the inflamed joint can be present. Loss of range of motion and deformity can result.
What Is Erosion and How Does It Shape the Earth's Surface? By Andrew Alden. Definition: Erosion is the general name for the processes that break down rocks (weathering) and the processes that carry away the breakdown products (transportation). The physical processes of erosion are called corrasion or mechanical erosion; the chemical processes are called corrosion or chemical erosion. But most examples of erosion include some of both corrasion and corrosion. The agents of erosion are gravity, ice, water (eluvian erosion) and wind (eolian erosion). Erosion is sometimes restricted to transportation, excluding weathering.
McCrory Waterworks The McCrory Waterworks is a historic site located in McCrory, Arkansas. It contains an elevated steel water tower, built in 1936 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company in conjunction with the Public Works Administration, which provided $39,497 in aid for the construction of the waterworks, which included the water tower, tank, and water shed. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007, as part of a multiple-property listing that included numerous other New Deal-era projects throughout Arkansas.
Call and response (music) Call and response (music) In music, a call and response is a succession of two distinct phrases usually written in different parts of the music, where the second phrase is heard as a direct commentary on or in response to the first. It corresponds to the call-and-response pattern in human communication and is found as a basic element of musical form, such as verse-chorus form, in many traditions. In Sub-Saharan African cultures, call and response is a pervasive pattern of democratic participation—in public gatherings in the discussion of civic affairs, in religious rituals, as well as in vocal and instrumental
Cody Rhodes From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Cody Rhodes Rhodes in June 2017Birth name Cody Garrett Runnels [1]Born June 30, 1985 (age 32) [1]Marietta, Georgia, U. S. [2]Residence Los Angeles, California, U. S. Spouse (s) Brandi Rhodes ( m. 2013)Family Dusty Rhodes (father) Goldust (half-brother) Magnum T. A. (godfather) Fred Ottman (uncle) Jerry Sags (uncle)Professional wrestling career Ring name (s) Cody [3] Cody R [4] Cody Rhodes [5] Cody Runnels [5] Stardust Billed height 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m) [6]Billed weight 216 lb (98 kg) [6] [7]Billed from Charlotte, North Carolina The Fifth Dimension [7]Marietta, Georgia [8]Stars of the Milky Way Trained by Al Snow [2]Bruno Sassi [2]Dusty Rhodes [2]Glacier [2]Debut 2006Cody Garrett Runnels [9] (born June 30, 1985) is an American professional wrestler and actor. Currently working under the ring name "The American Nightmare" Cody, he is signed to the Ring of Honor (ROH) professional wrestling promotion, where he is a former one-time ROH World Champion. He also makes appearances for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), with whom ROH has a working relationship. Rhodes is the son of the late WWE Hall of Famer Dusty Rhodes and the half-brother of WWE wrestler Goldust. After an amateur wrestling career that resulted in becoming a two-time Georgia state champion, he followed his father and older brother's footsteps into the professional ranks and joined WWE in 2006, initially being assigned to the company's developmental territory Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW). After becoming a Triple Crown Champion in OVW, he was elevated to WWE's main roster in 2007 and remained there for 9 years, performing under his real name and later as Stardust. During his time with WWE, Rhodes became a two-time Intercontinental Champion and was a prolific tag team wrestler, winning six tag team championships ( three World Tag Team Championships and three WWE Tag Team Championships) with four separate tag team partners. [1] [10] Rhodes left WWE after requesting his release in May 2016. Following his departure from WWE, Rhodes began wrestling on the independent circuit, also making several appearances in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. In the time frame spanning from early 2016 to early 2017, he competed at WWE's Wrestle Mania, ROH's Final Battle and NJPW's Wrestle Kingdom events, as well as appearing for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) at Bound for Glory (albeit in a non-competing capacity). In September 2017, Rhodes signed a "multi-year" deal with Ring of Honor. [11]Contents [ hide ]1 Early life2 Professional wrestling career2.1 World Wrestling Entertainment/WWE2.1.1 Ohio Valley Wrestling (2006–2007)2.1.2 Teaming with Hardcore Holly (2007–2008)2.1.3 The Legacy (2008–2010)2.1.4 "Dashing" Cody Rhodes (2010–2011)2.1.5 Intercontinental Champion (2011–2012)2.1.6 Team Rhodes Scholars (2012–2013)2.1.7 The Brotherhood (2013–2015)2.1.8 Stardust & final storylines (2015–2016)2.2 Independent circuit (2016–present)2.3 Ring of Honor (2016–present)2.4 Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2016–2017)2.5 New Japan Pro-Wrestling (2016–present)3 Other media4 Personal life5 Filmography6 In wrestling7 Championships and accomplishments7.1 Amateur wrestling7.2 Professional wrestling8 References9 External links Early life [ edit]Rhodes was born Cody Garrett Runnels on June 30, 1985 in Marietta, Georgia. He changed his name to Cody Rhodes by the age of 17. [9] Rhodes had a successful high school wrestling career, attending Lassiter High School. [1] He placed sixth in the 171 lb (78 kg) division as a sophomore. [12] As a junior, he won the Georgia state tournament at 189 lb (86 kg) in 2003 and repeated as champion his senior year. [12] He had planned to wrestle collegiately at Pennsylvania State University, but decided to become a professional wrestler instead. [13] During his time in high school, Rhodes also acted as a referee in his father's Turnbuckle Championship Wrestling promotion. [14] After graduating high school, Rhodes attended an acting school. [15]Professional wrestling career [ edit]World Wrestling Entertainment/
The city was incorporated in 1854, the same year in which the Camden and Atlantic Railroad train service began. Built on the edge of the bay, this served as the direct link of this remote parcel of land with Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. That same year, construction of the Absecon Lighthouse, designed by George Meade of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, was approved, with work initiated the next year. By 1874, almost 500,000 passengers a year were coming to Atlantic City by rail. In Boardwalk Empire: The Birth, High Times, and Corruption of Atlantic City, "Atlantic City's Godfather" Nelson Johnson describes the inspiration of Dr. Jonathan Pitney (the "Father of Atlantic City") to develop Atlantic City as a health resort, his efforts to convince the municipal authorities that a railroad to the beach would be beneficial, his successful alliance with Samuel Richards (entrepreneur and member of the most influential family in southern New Jersey at the time) to achieve that goal, the actual building of the railroad, and the experience of the first 600 riders, who "were chosen carefully by Samuel Richards and Jonathan Pitney":
Old Testament both Jews and Christians have always interpreted the Bible (both the "Old" and "New" Testaments) as an affirmation of the oneness of Almighty God. The Old Testament stresses the special relationship between God and his chosen people, Israel, but includes instructions for proselytes as well. This relationship is expressed in the biblical covenant (contract) between the two, received by Moses. The law codes in books such as Exodus and especially Deuteronomy are the terms of the contract: Israel swears faithfulness to God, and God swears to be Israel's special protector and supporter. Further themes in the Old Testament include salvation,
Biology Final Exam BSC 103 What capability did the development of a vascular system provide to plants? Greater efficiency for nutrient transport and structural support What is the same and what is different between gymnosperms and angiosperms?
AK-47 The AK-47 is a common gun used by many groups because it is so cheap and available. One of the reasons it is so common is that the Soviets left many of them behind when they left Afghanistan in 1989, after invading it in 1979. The letters AK stand for Avtomat Kalashnikova, which is Russian for Kalashnikov's Automatic Rifle. It shoots the Soviet 7.62x39mm cartridge. It is only accurate up to 300 meters, and beyond that range the bullet starts to tumble and drop.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Dasani Morpeth, Northumberland-based Abbey Well bottler in 2008, branded under the Schweppes brand name (which Coca-Cola holds the UK rights to) to provide a locally sourced water brand for the event. To meet Olympic branding regulations, Abbey Well water was labeled as "Still Water" for on-camera appearances during the Games. In Ireland, it is marketed as Deep River Rock. Dasani Dasani () is a brand of bottled water from the Coca-Cola company, launched in 1999, after the success of Aquafina (produced by Coca-Cola-rival PepsiCo). It is one of many brands of Coca-Cola bottled water sold around the world. The product is
White bread is basically empty calories. If you're getting all the nutrients and fiber you need from other food, and aren't eating too many calories, then white bread is fine. Most people don't eat enough fiber or may be missing some other nutrients you might find in whole grains, so it's an improvement to switch. It's al just about balancing the different inputs with your output.
Green light: Is it important for plant growth? Green light: Is it important for plant growth? Green light is considered the least efficient wavelength in the visible spectrum for photosynthesis, but it is still useful in photosynthesis and regulates plant architecture. Posted on February 6, 2014 by Heidi Wollaeger, Michigan State University Extension, and Erik Runkle, Michigan State University Extension, Department of Horticulture Tweet Pin It Sometimes one may hear that plants don’t use green light for photosynthesis, they reflect it. However, this is only partly true. While most plants reflect more green than any other in the visible spectrum, a relatively small percentage of green light is transmitted through or reflected by the leaves. The majority of green light is useful in photosynthesis. The relative quantum efficiency curve (Photo 1) shows how efficiently plants use wavelengths between 300 and 800 nm. Green light is the least efficiently used color of light in the visible spectrum. Photo 1. Relative quantum efficiency curve. (Adapted by Erik Runkle from Mc Cree, 1972. Agric. Meteorology 9:191-216. )As a part of a series of experiments performed in enclosed environments, Michigan State University Extension investigated how different wavebands of light (blue, green and red) from LEDs influenced growth of seedlings. We grew tomato ‘Early Girl,’ salvia ‘Vista Red,’ petunia ‘Wave Pink,’ and impatiens ‘Super Elfin XP Red’ in growth chambers for four to five weeks at 68 degrees Fahrenheit under 160 µmol∙m -2 ∙s -1 of LED or fluorescent light. The percentages from each LED color were: B 25 +G 25 +R 50 (25 percent of light from blue and green LEDs and 50 percent from red LEDs); B 50 +G 50; B 50 +R 50; G 50 +R 50; R 100; and B 100. Plants grown with 50 percent green and 50 percent red light were approximately 25 percent shorter than those grown under only red light, but approximately 50 percent taller than all plants grown under more than 25 percent blue light (Photo 2). Therefore, blue light suppressed extension growth more than green light in an enclosed environment. Twenty-five percent green light could substitute for the same percentage of blue light without affecting fresh weight. However, the electrical efficiency of the green LEDs was much lower than that of blue LEDs. To read more about this experiment, please read “ Growing Plants under LEDs: Part Two ” in Greenhouse Grower. Photo 2. Salvia grown for four weeks under the same intensity of blue (B), green (G) and red (R) LEDs or fluorescent lamps (FL). The number after each color represents the percentage of that color, e.g., B 50 +R 50 means that plants were grown under 50 percent blue light and 50 percent red light. One potential advantage of including green in a light spectrum is to reduce eye strain of employees. Under monochromatic, or sometimes two colors of light such as blue and red, plants may not appear their typical color, which could make noticing nutritional, disease or insect pest issues difficult. Another potential advantage of green light is that it can penetrate a canopy better than other wavebands of light. It’s possible that with better canopy penetration, lower leaves will continue to photosynthesize, leading to less loss of the lower leaves. This article was published by Michigan State University Extension. For more information, visit http://www.msue.msu.edu. To have a digest of information delivered straight to your email inbox, visit http://www.msue.msu.edu/newsletters. To contact an expert in your area, visit http://expert.msue.msu.edu, or call 888-MSUE4MI (888-678-3464). Related Events Core Manual/RUP Review - Centreville, MIDec 13, 2018 | St. Joseph County MSU Extension Office, 612 E. Main St., Centreville, MI 49032Related Articles Pollinator health meetings to be held in Traverse City, Frankenmuth and West Olive April 4, 2018 | Duke Elsner | Michigan State University Extension will hold three public input meetings in April and May 2018 focused on pollinator health. Be smart when farming near underground pipelines and utilities March 16, 
Notes on the equality in SSA of entropy on CAR algebra
Leaf spring Leaf spring A leaf spring is a simple form of spring commonly used for the suspension in wheeled vehicles. Originally called a "laminated" or "carriage spring", and sometimes referred to as a semi-elliptical spring or cart spring, it is one of the oldest forms of springing, appearing on carriages in England after 1750 and from there migrating to France and Germany. A leaf spring takes the form of a slender arc-shaped length of spring steel of rectangular cross-section. In the most common configuration, the center of the arc provides location for the axle, while loops formed at either end provide
faun faun. 1  any of a class of minor Roman deities, usually represented as having the trunk of a man and the horns, pointed ears, tail, and hind legs of a goat. 2  Any of numerous rural deities represented as having the body of a man and the horns, ears, tail, and sometimes legs of a goat.
Dunkin' Donuts In December 5, 2014, Dunkin' Donuts opened their first location in the Nordic region, at the Täby Centrum shopping mall in the outskirts of Stockholm, Sweden. On April 1, 2015, the first store in Denmark opened on Copenhagen Central Station and by May 5, 2015 one opened at Roskilde station.
What does AFPAM mean  ( Military category) ? AFPAM stands for7 AFPAM Air Force Pamphlet Military, Air University, Air Force Research Institute AFPAM related GMT Greenwich Mean Time Technology, Military, Travel FAA Federal Aviation Administration Military, Aviation, Political AAMDC Army Air and Missile Defense Command Military, Force, Defense Long Longitude Shipping, Air, Technology COD Cash on Delivery Business, Freight, Air In Inch Technology, Freight, Telecommunications Lat Latitude Shipping, Air, Technology AUX Auxiliary Air, Technology, Telecommunications ATD Actual Time of Departure Military, Air freight, Shipping GBL Government Bill of Lading Military, Freight, Air FOB Free On Board Sales, Business, Shipping USAAC United States Army Air Corps Military, Aircraft, Force NOS Not Otherwise Specified Medical, Air, Air cargo AAC Alaskan Air Command Military, Army, Force ECU European Currency Unit Technology, Currency, Air AADC Area Air Defense Commander Military, Army, Force NGO Nongovernmental Organization Agriculture, Air, Air cargo EDP Electronic Data Processing Technology, Business, Computing OP Ordnance Pamphlet Military, Gun, Explosive1 2 … 4 Next Search for "AFPAM" with Google 
How to Make a Word Stationary Template How to Make a Word Stationary Template By Darrin Koltow Share Microsoft Word has several features you can customize, including templates that represent your personalized stationery. Making your own stationery in Word involves the same operations you'd apply to make a regular document, except for the step of saving the document as a template. Add custom letterhead and any other elements of physical stationery, including a personalized design. Unlike physical stationery, you can have Word automatically fill in portions of a letter. Another advantage of making a stationery template in Word is the ability to turn the stationery into another format, such as a web page or poster. Video of the Day Center selected text on your stationery template by pressing "Control-E."Step Open Word, then press the Office button's "New" command to display a list of template categories. Step Click the "Letter" link in the left pane, then click an icon displaying a sample of a particular letter (e.g., "Letter to Santa"). Customize this letter to create your own stationery template. Step Delete all text in the template that you won't use for more than one letter (i.e., generic text). It's possible the text you keep will consist only of a closing (e.g., "Sincerely," "Yours truly"). Step Add an automatically updating date as follows: Click a line near the top of the template, then click the "Insert" menu's "Date & Time" icon. Step Click a format you like from the list, then place a check in the "Update automatically" check box. Click "OK" to insert the date. Step Select any text, then click a font you like from the list in the "Home" menu's "Font" panel. All letters you write with this template will use this font, once you specify it as the default. Step Click the small arrow in the lower right corner of the "Home" menu's "Style" panel. Step Click the arrow in the row labeled "Normal," then click the "Update Normal to match selection" item. Any remaining text in your template will change to the font you chose in Step 6. Step Click the "Page Layout" menu, then click the "Watermark" icon. Click the "Custom watermark" command in the window that opens. Step Click the "Picture watermark" option, then click the "Select picture" button. Navigate to a picture on your computer that you'd like to have for your stationery's background image. Double-click the image, then click "Close" to insert it. Step Click the Office button's "Save As" icon, then type a name for your stationery template in the "File name" text box. Select one of the types with "Template" in the title (e.g., "Word Template (*.dotx)") for the "Save as type" text box. Step Double-click, in Windows Explorer, the template you just saved. Word will create a new document with your stationery design. Show Comments Related Articles How Do I Create a Template in Word? How to Make Letterhead in Microsoft Word How to Feather Edges in Photoshop How to Transfer Outlook Calendar Items to Another Computer How to Turn Off DHCP on Netgear How to Turn off Ligatures in In Design 
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
Mill Creek, Washington Mill Creek, Washington From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Mill Creek, Washington City Street in the Mill Creek Town Center Location of Mill Creek, Washington Coordinates: 47°51′42″N 122°12′16″WCoordinates: 47°51′42″N 122°12′16″WCountry United States State Washington County Snohomish Area [1]• Total 4.69 sq mi (12.15 km 2)• Land 4.67 sq mi (12.10 km 2)• Water 0.02 sq mi (0.05 km 2)Elevation 377 ft (115 m)Population ( 2010) [2]• Total 18,244• Estimate (2015) [3] 20,043• Density 3,906.6/sq mi (1,508.3/km 2)Time zone Pacific (PST) ( UTC-8)• Summer ( DST) PDT ( UTC-7)ZIP codes 98012, 98082Area code 425FIPS code 53-45865GNIS feature ID 1534566 [4]Website www.cityofmillcreek.com Mill Creek is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. It is located approximately 20 miles north-northeast of downtown Seattle and is part of the Seattle metropolitan area. The 2010 census population was 18,244. Mill Creek was originally a planned community built around a golf course and country club as its centerpiece. Based on per capita income, Mill Creek ranks 55th of 614 areas in the state of Washington. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Education3 Geography3.1 Climate4 Demographics4.1 2010 census4.2 2000 census5 Parks and recreation6 References7 External links History [ edit]Mill Creek was officially incorporated on August 30, 1983. The city has rapidly grown with large number of families and jobs and now contains a mixed-use, city-sponsored complex called Mill Creek Town Center. Before the turn of the 21st century much of Mill Creek was woods, but recently many apartment complexes have been built all along Bothell-Everett Highway and some other roads throughout the city. This has attributed to a much larger High school, going from a 2A school at its inception (1994) to a 4A school at around 2,000 students. It contains a large part of the green belt in the south-eastern part of town. Education [ edit]Elementary schools near the city include Mill Creek Elementary, Cedarwood Elementary, Penny Creek Elementary, Woodside Elementary, and Forest View Elementary school. Heatherwood Middle school is the local secondary school along with Gateway Middle school which is located just outside city limits. Mill Creek is also home to Henry M. Jackson High School. All schools are part of the Everett School District. Geography [ edit]Mill Creek is located at 47°51′42″N 122°12′16″W (47.861763, -122.204408). [5]According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 4.69 square miles (12.15 km 2 ), of which, 4.67 square miles (12.10 km 2) is land and 0.02 square miles (0.05 km 2) is water. [1]Several creeks flow through the city, including North Creek, Penny Creek, and Nickel Creek. [6] There is also a creek located entirely within city limits called Mill Creek, though it was not officially given this name until 2001. Prior to that, it was known informally as Smokehouse Creek. [6]Climate [ edit]This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Mill Creek has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps. [7]Demographics [ edit]Historical population Census Pop. %±1990 7,172 —2000 11,525 60.7%2010 18,244 58.3%Est. 2016 20,303 [8] 11.3%U. S. Decennial Census [9] 2015 Estimate [3]Educational levels within the city stand at 95% High School Graduate or higher (7352), and 47.7% Bachelor's degree or higher (3688).2010 census [ edit]As of the census [2] of 2010, there were 18,244 people, 7,551 households, and 4,921 families residing in the city. The population density was 3,906.6 inhabitants per square mile (1,508.3/km 2 ). There were 7,923 housing units at an average density of 1,696.6 per square mile (655.1/km 2 ). The racial makeup of the city was 74.2% White, 2.2% African American, 0.5% Native American, 16.7% Asian, 0.4% Pacific Islander, 1.6% from other races, and 4.4% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.6% of the population. There wer
- Definition of HYPOCHLOROUS ACID. : an unstable strongly oxidizing but weak acid HClO obtained in solution along with hydrochloric acid by reaction of chlorine with water and used especially in the form of salts as an oxidizing agent, bleaching agent, disinfectant, and chlorinating agent.
Abraham Lincoln is born Abraham Lincoln is born. On this day in 1809, Abraham Lincoln is born in Hodgenville, Kentucky. Lincoln, one of America’s most admired presidents, grew up a member of a poor family in Kentucky and Indiana. He attended school for only one year, but thereafter read on his own in a continual effort to improve his mind.
Bruce Ellingsen Ellingsen spent six full seasons in the Dodgers' farm system before he was acquired by the Indians on April 3, 1974, in an ultimately one-sided transaction. For Ellingsen, the Indians gave up Pedro Guerrero, then a 17-year-old with one year of professional experience with the Rookie-classification Gulf Coast Indians. Guerrero would go on to play eleven seasons for the Dodgers (and 15 in all in the Major Leagues), slug 215 home runs, bat an even .300, and be selected to five National League All-Star teams.
Allergies Allergies In this Article Call Doctor If: Step-by-Step Care: If you have allergies , pregnancy can make your symptoms worse. But you're right to worry about taking allergy medicine during pregnancy. Pregnant women shouldn't take some allergy drugs. Certain antihistamines and steroid nasal sprays, however, are safe. Check with your doctors -- your OB/GYN and your allergist -- to find out how to manage allergies while you're pregnant. Your doctor may tell you to avoid allergy meds until after your first trimester or suggest a change in treatment. If you have been taking allergy shots for some time, you can likely continue them during pregnancy. But, don’t start allergy shots for the first time while pregnant. Continue Reading Belowyou might like WEBMDAssessment: Vitamins and Your Vision Answer a few questions to find out the best ways to protect your eyes. Call Doctor If: You are considering taking an allergy medication or using a steroid nasal spray. You have allergies and find out you are pregnant. Your allergy symptoms bother you a lot. Step-by-Step Care: Try to avoid your allergy triggers. Use saline nose spray to ease your congestion. Keep animals out of your bedroom. Vacuum often. Use filter vacuum bags or filtering vacuums. Use the air conditioner to keep humidity low and irritants out of the house. And keep your windows closed. Shower and wash your hair after being outdoors if pollen sets off your allergies. Avoid smoke, strong odors, and car exhaust. These commonly trigger allergy symptoms. Web MD Medical Reference Reviewed by Traci C. Johnson, MD on October 04, 2016Sources© 2016 Web MD, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Mimicry and watching a lot. Parents talk, and babies listen even when we don't think they're paying attention. Sounds that get a response are reinforced, so they make them more often. Eventually parents start pointing to stuff and making sounds, so the babies pick those up along with the object association. Abstract concepts come later, mostly babies learn which sounds make mommy or daddy come running, which sounds bring food, etc.
Proliferative Retinal Detachment Proliferative vitreoretinopathy is a reparative process, similar to a keloid, initiated by full- or partial-thickness retinal breaks, retinopexy, and other types of retinal damage.
Cameron Mackintosh Cameron Mackintosh Sir Cameron Anthony Mackintosh (born 17 October 1946) is a British theatrical producer and theatre owner notable for his association with many commercially successful musicals. At the height of his success in 1990, he was described as being "the most successful, influential and powerful theatrical producer in the world" by the "New York Times". He is the producer of shows such as "Les Misérables", "The Phantom of the Opera", "Mary Poppins", "Oliver!", "Miss Saigon," "Cats", and "Hamilton." Mackintosh was knighted in 1996 for services to musical theatre. In 2008, "The Daily Telegraph" ranked him number 7 in their
Days of Our Lives Days of Our Lives Days of Our Lives (also stylized as Days of our Lives; often abbreviated to DOOL or Days) is an American daytime soap opera broadcast on the NBC television network. It is one of the longest-running scripted television programs in the world, airing nearly every weekday since November 8, 1965. It has since been syndicated to many countries around the world. Until the network's closure in 2013, Soapnet rebroadcast episodes of "Days" on a same-day basis each weeknight at 8:00 and 10:00 (Eastern and Pacific Time). The series was created by husband-and-wife team Ted Corday and Betty
Reita Faria (Patrick, Cormac, David, Maria and Johnny). Reita Faria Reita Faria Powell (born 23 August 1943) born to Goan parents in British Bombay (now Mumbai) is an Indian model, doctor and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss World title in the year 1966, making her the first Asian woman to win the event. She is also the first Miss World winner to qualify as a Doctor. Faria was born in Goa. After winning the Miss Mumbai Crown, she won the "Eve's Weekly Miss India" contest (not to be confused with the Femina Miss India 1966 competition, won by Yasmin Daji).
NORM Dictionary entry details• NORM (noun)Sense 1 norm [BACK TO TOP]Meaning: A standard or model or pattern regarded as typical Classified under: Nouns denoting relations between people or things or ideas Context example:the current middle-class norm of two children per family Hypernyms ("norm" is a kind of...):criterion; measure; standard; touchstone (a basis for comparison; a reference point against which other things can be evaluated)Sense 2 norm [BACK TO TOP]Meaning: A statistic describing the location of a distribution Classified under: Nouns denoting cognitive processes and contents Synonyms:average; norm Context example:it set the norm for American homes Hypernyms ("norm" is a kind of...):statistic (a datum that can be represented numerically)Domain category:statistics (a branch of applied mathematics concerned with the collection and interpretation of quantitative data and the use of probability theory to estimate population parameters)Hyponyms (each of the following is a kind of "norm"):age norm (the average age at which particular performances are expected to appear)modal value; mode (the most frequent value of a random variable)median; median value (the value below which 50% of the cases fall)mean; mean value (an average of n numbers computed by adding some function of the numbers and dividing by some function of n) 
FAQ FAQ’s Frequently Asked Questions Every day we get calls with technical questions about Moringa, so we decided to take the best questions and post them with answers in this section. Here you will find answers to questions such as how best to grow Moringa, what to do during winter, etc. GENERAL QUESTIONSIs your Moringa powder certified organic? We have both conventional and Certified Organic. Our conventional Moringa is grown, shade dried, ground, and packed In India. But the final processing, including encapsulating, bagging and labeling, is completed here in the USA, to ensure that this meets with our highest level of phytosanitary protocols. Our Certified Organic Moringa comes from Mexico. We chose Mexico, because the United States Department of Agriculture has field offices there, and not in many other foreign countries. How can I become a Distributor ? I would like wholesale information on your Moringa products. Thank you. Please contact us for our wholesale price list. The minimum order is 10 lbs for powder; and 2,000 units for capsules. The leaf powder is packed in foil bags of 8 oz or 16 oz (1 lb), and have a two-year shelf life. As a distributor, you may choose to have your own label on the products. NUTRITIONAL PROPERTIESHi. Can you tell me the nutritional information per serving of the Moringa Powder? Click here for the nutritional info. It shows the typical analysis for fresh leaf, fresh pods and dried leaf powder. For additional information, please go to our library/resource section. CONTRA INDICATIONSAre there any known side effects when taking the Moringa products (i.e., leaf, seeds or pods)? There may be instances where you should not take Moringa. Moringa is relatively high in potassium and calcium. If you are under medical care for certain conditions and your doctor recommends that you avoid certain minerals such as potassium and calcium and any food that is high in these minerals, then Moringa is not right for you. If you have kidney problems or are undergoing dialysis, you should also avoid Moringa. Moringa is also high in iron, which could be problematic for some. Check with your doctor to see if Moringa is right for you. GROWING MORINGA (growing techniques, fertilizing, processing the leaf, etc. )What is the best way to grow Moringa: traditionally, tree by tree… or intensively, with hundreds or thousands of seeds in a limited area? It really depends on your objectives. Do you want to harvest the pods and seeds, or leaf and pods, or just the leaf? The Intensive Method The most productive method for producing Moringa here in the United States is the intensive method, where you plant a lot of seeds in a raised bed, and harvest several times a year. The single-spaced tree method works well for a family or a small community, but not for mass production. The picture below shows an intensive planting we did in Mexico in 2008. We used a plastic liner to inhibit weeds from growing. The next picture shows a typical raised bed, which provides sufficient Moringa for a single family. This bed has 12-inch sides and is 4′ wide by 8′ long. Growth is rapid, as the box is filled with composted soil, allowing new roots to penetrate easily, compared with compacted soil. It was located near a water source. The bed can be covered in cold weather conditions, giving it a better chance of survival in winter. Keep the soil continuously moist until the seeds sprout, which should be in about 3 to 7 days. Then water occasionally. Let the Moringa grow for a month or two, and then harvest the shoots 8 inches above ground. Wait till the Moringa grows back another 8 inches, and harvest again. With this method, you should be able to get several harvests a year. The Spaced Tree Method If your intention is to grow pods for seed stock and food vegetable, then you must space the trees. Some years ago, Lowell Fuglie, a Moringa pioneer and often referred to as the “Johnny Appleseed of Moringa,” (some information on Lowell, or link to video) suggested to me to space the trees about 10 feet (3 meters) apart. Doing so would provide about 4
There are facilities across the country with research rooms, archival holdings, and microfilms of documents of federal agencies and courts pertinent to each region.
What really went down is yesterday imgur banned /r/fatpeoplehate images from reaching their frontpage, /r/fatpeoplehate did not like this so they got details of the imgur staff and put them in the sidebar for the users to attack imgur staff with. Reddit responded by banning /r/fatpeoplehate for encouraging attacks on individuals, as well as a bunch of other subreddits for the same, I presume those subreddits had some spurious links to the same drama in some way.  edit: I should say that some subreddits got dragged down with the ban-session that did not break any rules, they have a good reason to be upset about this but they're getting burried by all the fatpeoplehate making them look innocent while they're the ones that started this mess. I'm all for internet freedom but just don't break the rules and try cover it up by saying ''we have no internet freedom''
Fingernails and hair are made mostly of a protein called keratin. Like many other proteins, they can absorb water like a sponge. Water, being a polar molecule, can disrupt some of the cross-linking between the keratin fibers, making them more flexible!
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
How To Make The Most Healthful Homemade Yogurt How To Make The Most Healthful Homemade Yogurtby lydia on April 26, 2013If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!For those of you who’ve followed my site for awhile, you will know that last year I changed my fermenting ways. I did this because I learned that my approach to fermentation was very haphazard and if I was doing this ultimately for my health, I wanted to do it right. So, I’ve been on a year long journey delving into the world of anaerobic fermentation, why and how. Yogurt is something most of us take for granted, or perhaps assume it’s a health food regardless of how it’s prepared. I know you real foodies know how to find ‘healthier’ yogurts in the store or even how to make homemade. I’ve found that I don’t want to consume yogurt unless it’s in the most optimal form for many reasons. One, I don’t tolerate much lactose and most yogurt has it. Second, I want the most probiotic content I can get and most yogurts don’t really have all that much if any. Unless, of course you understand a bit more about the science behind how bacteria thrive in yogurt and how to reduce the lactose to make it more tolerable, not to mention the best quality milk to make it less of a food sensitivity issue. Did you know that there are 2 kinds of milk, A1 and A2? That’s a whole ‘nother ball of wax and I’ll save that discussion for a later date. Today, I’ve asked my good friend Patty, author of the blog, Loving Our Guts to share what she has learned about yogurt making. Patty has been on GAPS for many many years and before that was on the SCD diet. She has been making yogurt for ages for her family and has learned a ton on the subject. I know you are gonna learn a ton from this post. In addition to the text below – you have the option to enjoy a recorded version of this information that Patty and I did together. If you have time, I highly recommend you listen to the recorded version -there is also some dialogue at the end and few pieces not written in the post that you may enjoy! (* Note: this recording was part of a course that I taught, so some information may not pertain to you as you listen, for example asking questions on the course facebook page. Regardless of that, the recording is a great resource and I wanted to share it along with this post ). Listen to Patty Talk About All the Intricacies Involved in Yogurt Making HEREWhat Is Yogurt Yogurt is a way to ferment milk to make it last longer, decrease the lactose and increase the beneficial bacteria. You can find yogurt in nearly every store and it is generally considered in our culture to be a health food. There is good reason for this! Yogurt is lower lactose than regular milk and somewhat predigested so it is easier on your gut. It is populated with beneficial bacteria that will then do good things for your gut. And since it is a whole food it contains more nutrition and is nicer to consume than a pill. Why You Should Make Your Own Yogurt While all of this is true for many brands of commercial yogurt, sadly it isn’t true for all. The longer you ferment your milk the more beneficial bacteria it will contain. Some commercial yogurts are only fermented for a matter of minutes. Some are pasteurized after they are fermented killing off the beneficial bacteria. Many contain large amounts of sugar or artificial sweeteners. Most are sold in plastic containers and the fat in the yogurt attracts the plastic in the container, putting bpa or whatever plasticizer is present into your food. Also over time the beneficial bacteria die in a container so there is no way to know how much is still there when you consume the yogurt. All of these are good reasons to learn to make yogurt yourself. You can avoid additives, prevent contact with plastic, ferment it long enough to get lots of good bacteria and consume it soon enough that the good stuff is still alive! It’s also much cheaper and once you figure out your method is not difficult or time consuming. Ingredients in Yogurt So let me explain some things about 
Sensory neuron From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (September 2017) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Four types of sensory neuron Sensory neurons also known as afferent neurons are neurons that convert a specific type of stimulus, via their receptors, into action potentials or graded potentials. [ citation needed] This process is called sensory transduction. The cell bodies of the sensory neurons are located in the dorsal ganglia of the spinal cord. [1]This sensory information travels along afferent nerve fibers in an afferent or sensory nerve, to the brain via the spinal cord. The stimulus can come from extoreceptors outside the body, for example light and sound, or from interoreceptors inside the body, for example blood pressure or the sense of body position. Different types of sensory neurons have different sensory receptors that respond to different kinds of stimuli. Contents [ hide ]1 Types and function1.1 External1.1.1 Smell1.1.2 Taste1.1.3 Vision1.1.4 Auditory1.1.5 Temperature1.1.6 Mechanoreceptors1.2 Internal1.2.1 Blood1.2.2 Nociceptors2 Connection with the central nervous system3 Classification3.1 Adequate stimulus3.2 Location3.3 Morphology3.4 Rate of adaptation4 Drugs5 Neuroplasticity6 Other animals7 Additional images8 See also9 References10 External links Types and function [ edit]External [ edit]Smell [ edit]The sensory neurons involved in smell are called olfactory receptor neurons. These receptor neurons contain receptors, called olfactory receptors, that are activated by the odor molecules in the air. The perception of these odor molecules is called a scent. Taste [ edit]Similarly to olfactory receptor neurons, taste receptors (gustatory receptors) in taste buds interact with chemicals in food to produce an action potential. Vision [ edit]Photoreceptor cells are capable of phototransduction, a process which converts light ( electromagnetic radiation) into electrical signals. These signals are refined and controlled by the interactions with other types of neurons in the retina. The five basic classes of neurons within the retina are photoreceptor cells, bipolar cells, ganglion cells, horizontal cells, and amacrine cells. The basic circuitry of the retina incorporates a three-neuron chain consisting of the photoreceptor (either a rod or cone ), bipolar cell, and the ganglion cell. The first action potential occurs in the retinal ganglion cell. This pathway is the most direct way for transmitting visual information to the brain. There are three primary types of photoreceptors: Cones are photoreceptors that respond significantly to color. In humans the three different types of cones correspond with a primary response to short wavelength (blue), medium wavelength (green), and long wavelength (yellow/red). [2] Rods are photoreceptors that are very sensitive to the intensity of light, allowing for vision in dim lighting. The concentrations and ratio of rods to cones is strongly correlated with whether an animal is diurnal or nocturnal. In humans, rods outnumber cones by approximately 20:1, while in nocturnal animals, such as the tawny owl, the ratio is closer to 1000:1. [2] Retinal ganglion cells are involved in the sympathetic response. Of the ~1.3 million ganglion cells present in the retina, 1-2% are believed to be photosensitive. [3]Problems and decay of sensory neurons associated with vision lead to disorders such as: Macular degeneration – degeneration of the central visual field due to either cellular debris or blood vessels accumulating between the retina and the choroid, thereby disturbing and/or destroying the complex interplay of neurons that are present there. [4]Glaucoma – loss of retinal ganglion cells which causes some loss of vision to blindness. [5]Diabetic retinopathy – poor blood sugar control due to diabetes damages the tiny blood vessels in the retina. [6]Auditory [ edit]The 
Whatâs the difference between salt and sodium? Salt is composed of two minerals sodium (Na) and chloride (Cl). Table salt (NaCl) contains about 40% sodium and 60% chloride. One teaspoon of salt contains about 2,300 mg of sodium. As much as we are told to limit sodium in our diets, we all need some sodium for good health. However, the average American diet contains about three times more sodium than is healthy, which leads to high blood pressure and other health issues.
Delete a reminder.
Elizabeth and Philip were married on 20 November 1947 at Westminster Abbey. They received 2500 wedding gifts from around the world. Because Britain had not yet completely recovered from the devastation of the war, Elizabeth required ration coupons to buy the material for her gown, which was designed by Norman Hartnell. In post-war Britain, it was not acceptable for the Duke of Edinburgh's German relations, including his three surviving sisters, to be invited to the wedding. The Duke of Windsor, formerly King Edward VIII, was not invited either.
The evolution of the Greek economy during the 19th century (a period that transformed a large part of the world because of the Industrial Revolution) has been little researched. Recent research from 2006 examines the gradual development of industry and further development of shipping in a predominantly agricultural economy, calculating an average rate of per capita GDP growth between 1833 and 1911 that was only slightly lower than that of the other Western European nations. Industrial activity, (including heavy industry like shipbuilding) was evident, mainly in Ermoupolis and Piraeus. Nonetheless, Greece faced economic hardships and defaulted on its external loans in 1826, 1843, 1860 and 1894.
No full disk encryption in Samsung Galaxy A71 I just started using my brand new Samsung Galaxy A71 (Android version 10) by doing an initial setup, and it seems it does not support full disk encryption at all. On the contrary, on Samsung Galaxy A7 it was pretty easy to enable it. As it is impossible that in 2020 mobile devices without encryption being sold, I have done a google-fu, and, weirdly, there is no indication that anyone already searched for this feature.

Where is this function hidden then?
You have two "holes" one leads to the esophagus, where food is supposed to go, the other leads to the trachea where air is supposed to go. When foreign objects (food, water, etc) go down towards the trachea there are tons of highly sensitive nerves that detect this and initiate the cough reflex to try to get it out. Your airway is sterile and does not like any foreign objects there as they can cause infection and block the airway, so you will cough and cough until the foreign object is expelled.
Being a shitty company isn't grounds for a lawsuit, and the internet is filled with embellishments and outright lies. Most of the extra fees are things that people agreed to, and just didn't read the fine print. Even if there are issues, those would typically call for individual lawsuits, not a class action one.
NYS Disability Benefits NYS Disability Benefits Benefits What is Covered New York State Disability insurance provides partial income replacement to eligible employees totally disabled as a result of an off-the-job illness or injury. What is Not Covered There is no coverage for:medical care costs. (Health insurance will be continued if the person was enrolled whenhe or she became disabled).any disability that is the result of an injury or illness sustained by the employee as the result of an illegal act (for example, driving while intoxicated) or any act of war (in accordance with the Disability Benefits Law). Partial Income Replacement Amount An employee will receive 50 percent of his or her average weekly salary, up to the maximum benefit allowance established under the New York State Disability Benefits Law. The current maximum is $170. The average biweekly salary is based on an employee’s earnings for the 8 weeks immediately preceding the last day he or she worked. FICA taxes are deducted from the biweekly payment amount. The current rate is found here. The disability payment made by First Reliance Standard Insurance Company (First Reliance) may be supplemented with partial holiday, vacation, and personal leave accruals in order to maintain a disabled employee's normal salary. The combined disability payment and holiday/vacation/personal leave supplement cannot exceed the employee's average weekly salary amount. Length of Coverage Benefits are paid while totally disabled until the date the employee’s physician approves his or her return to work or the date the employee has received benefits for 26 weeks, whichever comes first. Payment of Claims Partial income replacement payments are made biweekly directly to the disabled employee by First Reliance. When Coverage Begins and Ends When Coverage Begins The following table describes waiting periods for New York State Disability insurance coverage: If an employee was...then coverage begins...eligible for coverage under his or her previous employerimmediately. There is no waiting period.not eligible for coverage under his or her previous employerafter 4 consecutive weeks of service for full-time employees, orafter 25 regular work days for part-time employees. When Coverage Ends Coverage continues for 4 weeks after the employee’s last day of employment. If the employee is covered by a new employer within that time period, Research Foundation coverage ends. When Benefits Begin and End When Benefits Begin Employees must use all available sick leave before New York State Disability partial income replacement benefits will be paid. If an employee does not have any sick leave to use, benefits begin on the eighth consecutive day that the employee is unable to work because of his or her disability (7 calendar-day waiting period). Employees may use holiday, vacation or personal leave to cover the 7 calendar-day waiting period. Refer to the Leave Policy on the RF Web Portal. When Benefits End New York State Disability partial income replacement benefits end the date the employee is no longer totally disabled, the employee’s physician approves his or her return to work or the date the employee has received benefits for the maximum 26-week (6 month) period of time, whichever comes first. Sick leave benefits run concurrent with the 26-week NYS Disability period. Workers' Compensation Board Information Workers' Compensation Board (WCB) offers publications which contains additional information on "off the job" disability benefits. These brochures can be obtained by calling or writing: New York State Workers' Compensation Board Communications Office 100 Broadway/Menands Albany, New York 12241 (518) 474-6670The WCB Web site provides general information about the New York State Disability Benefits Law. Other publications are available from the WCB Website. Continuation of Other Types of Insurance Health/Dental/Vision Care/Life Insurance The Research Foundation will continue the health, dental, vision care, and Basic Life insurance coverage in effect when an employee became disabled. Coverage
- at UpdateStar. 1  Download EY Random more info... 2  Download Random Password Generator-PRO 14.0 Simply the most secure method to create passwords. Rated 5-Stars by ZDNET. 3  Download EY Toolbox more info... 4  Download Random Music 1.1 Random Music plays random MP3 tracks from your music collection.
What Percentage of Your Income Should Be Rent? If that new apartment rents for less than 30 percent of your income, you should be in good financial shape. The cost of paying for a place to live is usually the largest single monthly expense for any household, whether you own or rent your home. Consequently, paying too much rent can really chew up the rest of your budget. The percentage of your income that should go toward rent is up for debate, with little agreement on what the magic number should be. Obviously, the larger the percentage, the more your rent will hamstring the rest of your finances. While you have some flexibility over most of your other budget items such as food, gas and utilities, your rental payment is set in stone once you sign the lease agreement. The Percentages Most financial experts suggest that no more than 30 percent of your income should be spent on rent. That percentage is not universally recognized, however. Some experts put the ratio at 35 percent, while others say it should be 25 percent to 30 percent. Many of these suggestions use the cost of house payments as a benchmark. For example, financial writer Dave Ramsey uses the cost of buying a house as a definition and recommends that no more than 25 percent of your family income should go toward housing. National Averages According to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the cost of housing for the average American household was $16,803 a year as of 2011, while the average household income before taxes was $63,685 a year. That works out to about 26 percent of income spent on housing, and breaks down to about $1,400 per month on housing. Consequences of Paying Too Much As the 20Something Finance website points out, the percentage of income spent on housing can vary greatly depending on how much income a household produces. Those with lower income levels might spend nearly 40% on housing. The main risk of spending too much on housing is that if your financial situation should suddenly go south, you might find yourself unable to meet your monthly rental payment. This might happen if you lose your job, face a medical emergency or encounter another type of financial setback. Planning For When Things Happen Keeping your rent down to 30 percent or less of your household income gives you some wiggle room if you face a financial crisis. You are not only better able to save money for emergencies, you also face less financial pressure if you find yourself in dire financial straits. For example, suppose you earn $50,000 a year, or $4,167 a month. If 35 percent of your income goes to rent, you'll be paying about $1,458 a month. But if only 25 percent goes to rent, the monthly payment is about $1,042 -- a savings of more than $400 a month. References Bureau of Labor Statistics: Consumer Expenditures 2011U. S. Census Bureau: Who Can Afford To Live In a Home? Bad Money Advice: What Percent of Your Income To Spend On Rent20something Finance: The Cost of Housing and Why It Can Make or Break Your Finances Dave Ramsey: How Much House Can You Afford? About the Author Al Bondigas is an award-winning newspaperman who started writing professionally in 1985. His print credits include the "Mohave Valley Daily News" and "The Mohave County Standard." Bondigas studied journalism at San Bernardino Valley College in California. Photo Credits Hemera Technologies/Able Stock.com/Getty Images MORE MUST-CLICKS: Staying Within the Boundaries of Your Budget What Should an Average Household Budget Be? How to Budget 60K a Year Monthly Budget Guidelines 
They are both happening at the same time. But the speed of sound is slower than the speed of light. So you hear it after you see it.
pull-up Definition of pull–up for English Language Learners. : an exercise in which you hold onto a bar above your head and then pull your body up until your chin is above the bar.
Geometry Terms If two lines are perpendicular, then they meet to form. right angles. Theorem 1.7.1: If two lines meet to form a right angle, then these lines are perpendicular. “if and only if”. “iff”. Theorem 1.7.2: If two angles are complementary to the same angle (or to. congruent angles) then these angles are congruent.
/u/jhd3nm [made an excellent post similar to this subject but dealing with the late 19th century](_URL_0_) I'm afraid I'm not at all familiar with the subject and the link I supplied is not accurate to your time period. But I'm very curious to know how the costs and difficulties changed over time.   *taken from jhd3nms post* > So, cost. Steamship tickets were the major expense, and were the equivalent of about one-two thousand dollars in today's money. The workers who came to America (and ended up becoming emigrants) financed their travels with loans from labor agents, relatives, other returnees. Steamship companies actually sent recruiters/agents into villages all over Europe to pack their ships with passengers, and it was quite competitive, so the costs wouldn't have varied that much.
That's So Raven That 's So Raven is an American supernatural teen comedy sitcom television series . It debuted on Disney Channel on January 17 , 2003 , and ended its run on November 10 , 2007 . The show had a spin-off series , Cory in the House . The series was nominated in 2005 and 2007 for Emmy Awards for Outstanding Children 's Programming .   The show was set in San Francisco and revolved around teenager Raven Baxter , played by Raven-Symoné , her friends Eddie ( Orlando Brown ) and Chelsea ( Anneliese van der Pol ) , her family members ; mother Tanya Baxter ( T'Keyah Crystal Keymáh ) father Victor Baxter ( Rondell Sheridan ) and brother Cory ( Kyle Massey ) . The title character drew on her psychic powers , ingenuity , and talent as a fashion designer as well as a variety of disguises to get into and out of amusing adolescent and pre-adolescent situations .   Reruns of episodes aired on the ABC Kids Saturday morning segment of Disney-owned ABC broadcast network in the United States until August 27 , 2011 , when the block was discontinued . No announcement was made as to whether the show would get complete season releases on DVD . That 's So Raven garnered higher ratings than any other Disney Channel show and is also the first show in Disney channel history to make the 100 episode mark .   In October 2016 , Raven-Symoné announced that there is a spin-off in the works . Symoné will reprise her role as Raven Baxter who will now be a single mother with two children , one who has psychic visions . Symone has also stated that Anneliese Van Der Pol will return as Chelsea . In April 2017 , the spin-off was officially greenlit and ordered to series under the title Raven 's Home .
The German intellectuals of the [*Darmstadt Forty*](_URL_0_) were part of the Freethinker society and founded a few communities in Texas (e.g. [Bettina](_URL_1_) and [Comfort](_URL_2_)) called [Latin Settlements](_URL_3_), but most of them failed. As those were emigrées because of the political climate in Germany and considering the ideology of the Freethinkers, they were probably in favour of ending slavery.
Winona Ryder Winona Ryder ( born Winona Laura Horowitz ; October 29 , 1971 ) is an American actress . One of the most profitable and iconic actresses of the 1990s , she made her film debut in the 1986 film Lucas . As Lydia Deetz , a goth teenager in Tim Burton 's Beetlejuice ( 1988 ) , she won critical acclaim and widespread recognition . After appearances in film and on television , Ryder continued her acting career with the cult film Heathers ( 1988 ) , a controversial satire of teenage suicide and high school life that has since become a landmark teen film . She later appeared in the coming of age drama Mermaids ( 1990 ) , earning a Golden Globe nomination , and in the same year appeared alongside Johnny Depp in Burton 's dark fairy-tale Edward Scissorhands ( 1990 ) , and shortly thereafter with Keanu Reeves in Francis Ford Coppola 's gothic romance Bram Stoker 's Dracula ( 1992 ) .   Having played diverse roles in many well-received films in the mid to late 1980s and early 1990s , Ryder won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress and an Academy Award nomination in the same category for her role in The Age of Innocence in 1993 , as well as another Academy Award nomination for Best Actress for her role in the literary adaptation of Little Women the following year . She later appeared in the Generation X hit Reality Bites ( 1994 ) , Alien : Resurrection ( 1997 ) , the Woody Allen comedy Celebrity ( 1998 ) , and Girl , Interrupted ( 1999 ) , which she also executive-produced . In 2000 , Ryder received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , honoring her legacy in the film industry .   Ryder 's personal life has attracted significant media attention . Her relationship with Johnny Depp in the early 1990s and a 2001 arrest for shoplifting were constant subjects of tabloid journalism . She has been open about her personal struggles with anxiety and depression .   In 2002 , she appeared in the box office hit Mr. Deeds alongside Adam Sandler . In 2006 , Ryder returned to the screen after a brief hiatus , appearing in high-profile films such as Star Trek . In 2010 , she was nominated for two Screen Actors Guild Awards : as the lead actress in When Love Is Not Enough : The Lois Wilson Story and as part of the cast of Black Swan . She also reunited with Burton for Frankenweenie ( 2012 ) . Since 2016 , she has starred as Joyce Byers in the Netflix supernatural-horror series Stranger Things , for which she has garnered Golden Globe and SAG nominations .
5. Which drugs are the most addictive? 5. Which drugs are the most addictive? This is a difficult question to answer because it depends upon a lot of factors in both the drug and the person who uses it. In an attempt to define clearly what is meant by addiction, and which drugs are the most addictive, Dr. Jack E. Henningfield of the National Institute on Drug Abuse and Dr. Neal L. Benowitz of the University of California at San Francisco ranked six psychoactive substances on five criteria. Withdrawal -- The severity of withdrawal symptoms produced by stopping the use of the drug. Reinforcement -- The drug's tendency to induce users to take it again and again. Tolerance -- The user's need to have ever-increasing doses to get the same effect. Dependence -- The difficulty in quitting, or staying off the drug, the number of users who eventually become dependent Intoxication -- The degree of intoxication produced by the drug in typical use. The tables listed below show the rankings given for each of the drugs. Overall, their evaluations for the drugs are very consistent. It is notable that marijuana ranks below caffeine in most addictive criteria, while alcohol and tobacco are near the top of the scale in many areas. The rating scale is from 1 to 6. 1 denotes the drug with the strongest addictive tendencies, while 6 denotes the drug with the least addictive tendencies. HENNINGFIELD RATINGSSubstance Withdrawal Reinforcement Tolerance Dependence Intoxication Nicotine 3 4 2 1 5 Heroin 2 2 1 2 2 Cocaine 4 1 4 3 3 Alcohol 1 3 3 4 1 Caffeine 5 6 5 5 6 Marijuana 6 5 6 6 4BENOWITZ RATINGSSubstance Withdrawal Reinforcement Tolerance Dependence Intoxication Nicotine 3* 4 4 1 6 Heroin 2 2 2 2 2 Cocaine 3* 1 1 3 3 Alcohol 1 3 4 4 1 Caffeine 4 5 3 5 5 Marijuana 5 6 5 6 4*equal ratings 
Goの日付変換処理
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Dead &amp; Alive (The Devil Wears Prada album) Dead & Alive is the first live album from the Christian metalcore band The Devil Wears Prada. The album was recorded in Worcester, Massachusetts on the "Dead Throne US Tour". This is the last album to feature keyboard player James Baney, before he left the band on February 22, 2012. The album contains a DVD with the live show and also a CD album, which contains songs from their previous albums including the latest album, "Dead Throne". To promote the album, the band released a video for "Vengeance" that was recorded live from the tour.
Arctic exploration Arctic exploration Arctic exploration is the physical exploration of the Arctic region of the Earth. It refers to the historical period during which mankind has explored the region north of the Arctic Circle. Historical records suggest that humankind have explored the northern extremes since 325 BC, when the ancient Greek sailor Pytheas reached a frozen sea while attempting to find a source of the metal tin. Dangerous oceans and poor weather conditions often fetter explorers attempting to reach polar regions and journeying through these perils by sight, boat, and foot has proven difficult. Some scholars believe that the first attempts
- Definition of statutory. 1 : of or relating to statutes.
I’m unsure of many animals, but owls eat mice, shrews, and other birds whole. They will digest the animal’s soft tissues and regurgitate the hair, feathers, and bones as a “pellet”. They’re fairly interesting-in seventh grade we dissected them, and a pellet the size of a 100 grand candy bar could have two whole skeletons in it.
Sahota Sahota From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Sahota is a surname found in mostly Punjab region of India and Pakistan. It is also found among Indian diaspora. Notable people with this surname include: Gadowar Singh Sahota (born 1954), Indian professional wrestler known as Gama Singh Harvinder Sahota (born 1941), Indian American cardiologist Sahotas, U. K. based Bhangra/Rock/World music band Mukhtar Sahota, British music composer and producer Onkar Sahota, British Labour Party politician Patty Sahota, Canadian politician Ruby Sahota, Canadian Liberal politician Sunjeev Sahota (born 1981), British novelist This page lists people with the surname Sahota. If an internal link intending to refer to a specific person led you to this page, you may wish to change that link by adding the person's given name (s) to the link. Categories: Surnames Punjabi tribes 
James Salisbury as the "Salisbury diet". It has been described as an early example of a fad diet. The Salisbury diet was promoted by Elma Stuart in her book "What Must I do to Get Well?", that went through at least 32 editions. Salisbury steak is similar to a number of other dishes made of ground beef. Its name caught on partly because World War I inspired a movement in English-speaking nations to avoid German-sounding terms such as "hamburger". Salisbury died aged 82 at his country home in Dobbs Ferry, New York and was buried at Lake View Cemetery in Cleveland, Ohio.
customer-supplier partnership Definition. In quality control, extended relationship between buyers and sellers based on confidence, credibility, and mutual benefit. The buyer, on its part, provides long-term contracts and assurance of only a small number of competing suppliers.In reciprocation, the seller implements customer's suggestions and commits to continuous improvement in quality of product and delivery.he buyer, on its part, provides long-term contracts and assurance of only a small number of competing suppliers. In reciprocation, the seller implements customer's suggestions and commits to continuous improvement in quality of product and delivery.
Microvillus Microvillus From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Microvillus Enterocytes with microvilli Details Identifiers Latin Microvillus Me SH D008871TH H1.00.01.1.01011Anatomical terms of microanatomy [ edit on Wikidata]Microvilli (singular: microvillus) are microscopic cellular membrane protrusions that increase the surface area for diffusion and minimize any increase in volume, [1] and are involved in a wide variety of functions, including absorption, secretion, cellular adhesion, and mechanotransduction. Contents [ hide ]1 Structure1.1 Locations1.2 Relationship to cell2 Function2.1 Glycocalyx3 Clinical significance3.1 Destruction4 See also5 References6 External links Structure [ edit]Microvilli are covered in plasma membrane, which encloses cytoplasm and microfilaments. Though these are cellular extensions, there are little or no cellular organelles present in the microvilli. Each microvillus has a dense bundle of cross-linked actin filaments, which serves as its structural core. 20 to 30 tightly bundled actin filaments are cross-linked by bundling proteins fimbrin (or plastin-1), villin and espin to form the core of the microvilli. In the enterocyte microvillus, the structural core is attached to the plasma membrane along its length by lateral arms made of myosin 1a and Ca 2+ binding protein calmodulin. Myosin 1a functions through a binding site for filamentous actin on one end and a lipid binding domain on the other. The plus ends of the actin filaments are located at the tip of the microvillus and are capped, possibly by cap Z proteins, [2] while the minus ends are anchored in the terminal web composed of a complicated set of proteins including spectrin and myosin II. Locations [ edit]Thousands of microvilli form a structure called the brush border that is found on the apical surface of some epithelial cells, such as the small intestines. (Microvilli should not be confused with intestinal villi, which are made of many cells. Each of these cells has many microvilli.) Microvilli are observed on the plasma surface of eggs, aiding in the anchoring of sperm cells that have penetrated the extracellular coat of egg cells. Clustering of elongated microtubules around a sperm allows for it to be drawn closer and held firmly so fusion can occur. They are large objects that increase surface area for absorption. Microvilli are also of importance on the cell surface of white blood cells, as they aid in the migration of white blood cells. Relationship to cell [ edit]As mentioned, microvilli are formed as cell extensions from the plasma membrane surface. Actin filaments, present in the cytosol, are most abundant near the cell surface. These filaments are thought to determine the shape and movement of the plasma membrane. The nucleation of actin fibers occurs as a response to external stimuli, allowing a cell to alter its shape to suit a particular situation. This could account for the uniformity of the microvilli, which are observed to be of equal length and diameter. This nucleation process occurs from the minus end, allowing rapid growth from the plus end. Though the length and composition of microvilli is consistent within a certain group of homogenous cells, it can differ slightly in a different part of the same organism. For example, the microvilli in the small and large intestines in mice are slightly different in length and amount of surface coat covering. [3]Function [ edit]Microvilli function as the primary surface of nutrient absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. Because of this vital function, the microvillar membrane is packed with enzymes that aid in the breakdown of complex nutrients into simpler compounds that are more easily absorbed. For example, enzymes that digest carbohydrates called glycosidases are present at high concentrations on the surface of enterocyte microvilli. Thus, microvilli not only increase the cellular surface area for absorption, they also increase the number of digestive enzymes that can be present on the cell surface. Glycocalyx [ edit]The microvilli are covered with 
They're not constantly sensing movement - they just make you think they are. Instead, the motion detection system has a peep for a tiny fraction of a second every second or so, then goes back to sleep. The peep doesn't take much power anyway, and the quiescent "snooze" state takes virtually none - some PIC systems can get down to picoAmps. A similar system is used in optical smoke detectors - the infra-red LED is only on for a brief moment once a second or so, meaning the batteries can last for several years.
Don't knock the Glock (was My Gun is like my Am Ex Card)
- Louise is the feminine form of Louis which comes from the German for famous warrior.
- Trichinella spiralis is a parasitic worm that causes the disease Trichinosis. A whipworm is a roundworm that infects the large intestine. Whipworms are found commonly in pork and are often called pork-worms. They are also found in rats, humans, dogs and cats.
This is a question that is still being studied with astronauts on the ISS as far as I can tell, but it seems like there is a negative impact on sleep patterns. Humans have a natural circadian rhythm of just over 24 hours, and we're kept in sync with the actual length of days by the light/dark cycle of day and night. Studies show that exposure to light at night, like from lamps or electronic screens, confuses the body and makes it harder to sleep. Now consider the fact that astronauts experience a full day/night cycle in just 90 minutes as they orbit the earth. It's been found that [astronauts don't sleep enough](_URL_0_).
The USA is not a Christian nation
Buck-Tick Buck-Tick (stylized as BUCK-TICK) is a Japanese rock band, formed in Fujioka, Gunma in 1983. The group has consisted of Atsushi Sakurai (lead vocals), Hisashi Imai (guitar), Hidehiko Hoshino (guitar), Yutaka Higuchi (bass) and Toll Yagami (drums) since 1985. In their three decade career, the band has released 20 studio albums, nearly all reaching the top ten on the charts, of which three in the late eighties and early nineties topped them. They are commonly credited as one of the founders of the visual kei movement.
profane Profane language is the kind that gets bleeped on TV. The word profane can also describe behavior that's deeply offensive because it shows a lack of respect, especially for someone's religious beliefs. The Latin root profanus means unholy, and that's where it all started. If you take the Lord's name in vain, you've profaned Him and probably made your religious mom pretty angry too. Don't even try the profane curse words so vital to a truly great hip-hop track but perhaps not recommended for dinner with Grandma.
Rhabdomyolysis Rhabdomyolysis Rhabdomyolysis is the breakdown of muscle tissue that leads to the release of muscle fiber contents into the blood. These substances are harmful to the kidney and often cause kidney damage. Causes When muscle is damaged, a protein called myoglobin is released into the bloodstream. It is then filtered out of the body by the kidneys. Myoglobin breaks down into substances that can damage kidney cells. Rhabdomyolysis may be caused by injury or any other condition that damages skeletal muscle. Problems that may lead to this disease include: Trauma or crush injuries Use of drugs such as cocaine, amphetamines, statins, heroin, or PCPGenetic muscle diseases Extremes of body temperature Ischemia or death of muscle tissue Low phosphate levels Seizures or muscle tremors Severe exertion, such as marathon running or calisthenics Lengthy surgical procedures Severe dehydration Click to Keep Reading Muscle Disorders Read more NIH Medline Plus Magazine Read more Health Topics A-ZRead more 
SystemExit: 2 error when calling parse_args()
Ernest Hemingway: The Collected Stories Ernest Hemingway: The Collected Stories is a posthumous collection of Hemingway's short fiction, published in 1995. Introduced by James Fenton, it is published in the UK only by Random House as part of the Everyman Library. The collection is split in two parts.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Where does the ferret originate from? Answer by Susie Dresh Confidence votes 23.7KThe ferret (Mustela putorius furo) is a member of the Mustelidae, order Carnivora is thought to have originated from North Africa, as referenced by Strabo, a Greek historian and geographer, in his book Geographica, written in about 20 AD, of an animal in Libya which was said to been bred in captivity for hunting rabbits. The earliest known ferret species, M. stromeri, probably gave rise to M. putorius and M. eversmanni during the middle Pleistocene. Evidence that the ferret was probably domesticated either from the European polecat (M. putorius) or descendants of the Steppe polecat (M. eversmanni), or possibly a hybrid. Within the genus Mustela, ferrets belong to the subgenus Putorius, from which there are only three extant species: M. putorius , the European polecat; M. eversmanni, the Siberian, or steppe polecat; and M. nigripes (black-footed ferret). The European polecat lives in open forests and meadows, and is the ancestor of the domestic ferret. The Siberian polecat looks nearly identical to the black-footed ferret and leads a similar life on open grasslands and semi desert regions across Russia, China and Siberia. The ferret was domesticated to hunt small animals, usually rabbits for at least 2500 years ago. It is unknown due to there are no written records. The ferret was domesticated before the cat , by more than 500 years. The ferret use as a hunter of rodents and rabbits can be traced to the 4th century B. C. The ferret is mentioned in Aristophanes comedy ' The Acharnians ' written in 450 BC and Aristotle lists the ferret in his ' Historia Animalium ' written about 420 BC. Historical documents from Greece mention the ferret about 450 BC. Roman documents mention the use of ferrets to hunt rabbits at about the time of Christ, but they were already domesticated. Romans depended on the use of ferrets in hunting rabbits, and probably introduced ferrets to the British isles, but their are no written records or evidence. The earliest records of ferrets arriving in Britain dates to the 1200's, and about the same time the rabbit appeared, a century before. Rabbits in British islands AD 1135-1279Ferrets in England court roll - AD 1223 - the first written evidence of ferrets and their use of hunting rabbits in Britain Rabbits in British mainland AD 1235English ferreter attached to English Royal Court AD 1281Ferrets in Queen Mary's Psalter AD 1340Ferrets regulated in England AD 1390Ferrets were used on ships for rodent control and were introduced to the United States in 1875 and were used to hunt rats and rabbits. Ferrets were introduced to New Zealand in 1882 as a means of rabbit control32 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No 
Śīla refers to overall principles of ethical behavior. There are several levels of sīla, which correspond to "basic morality" (five precepts), "basic morality with asceticism" (eight precepts), "novice monkhood" (ten precepts) and "monkhood" (Vinaya or Patimokkha). Lay people generally undertake to live by the five precepts, which are common to all Buddhist schools. If they wish, they can choose to undertake the eight precepts, which add basic asceticism.
Classical statistical mechanics requires the existence of h (but does not define its value). Eventually, following upon Planck's discovery, it was recognized that physical action cannot take on an arbitrary value. Instead, it must be some multiple of a very small quantity, the "quantum of action", now called the Planck constant. Classical physics cannot explain this fact. In many cases, such as for monochromatic light or for atoms, this quantum of action also implies that only certain energy levels are allowed, and values in between are forbidden.
- Translation Services. TIS is a translation agency that provides high quality services to clients based around the world. Our wide range of services includes legal translations, financial translations, medical translations and marketing translations. Read more...».
- 1 William Shakespeare was born on 23rd of April 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England. 2  It is a market town and civil parish in south Warwickshire, England.3  Although the exact date is unknown, his birthday is celebrated on the 23rd of April.illiam Shakespeare was born in Stratford-upon-Avon, and the date of his birth was in April 1564, with an unknown date, but it has long been celebrated on the 23rd of April.  …    His birth date is unknown, but he was baptised on 26th April,1564, and was born in Stratford-upon-Avon, as far as I know.
- (富士通株式会社, Fujitsū Kabushikigaisha), commonly referred to as Fujitsu, is a Japanese multinational information technology equipment and services company headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. In 2015, it was the world's fourth-largest IT services provider measured by IT services revenue (after IBM, HP and Accenture).
Denise Denise is a female given name. It is one of the feminine forms of the masculine name Dennis. The name Denise is said to be of French origin, though its root names are Dionysius in Greek and Dionysia in Latin. Dionysius is the pagan God of wine, and the name Denise means to be devoted to Bacchus ..
Your eyes aren't equally sensitive to every colour, the peak sensitivity is centred around green/yellow, while red and especially deep blues are perceived as much less intense. [_URL_1_](_URL_0_)
- $1,000 child tax credit. For 2014, a new baby also delivers a tax credit of up $1,000, even if the child was born late in the year. Unlike a deduction that reduces the amount of income the government gets to tax, a credit reduces your tax bill dollar-for-dollar.
What are the ways to grow tall?
How to Mix Frank Sinatra's Favorite Cocktail Frank Sinatra drank expensive red wines, and mixed martinis for his friends on the set of "Ocean's Eleven." And, he never forgot a pal's favorite drink (according to Sinatra's old friend Ed Mc Mahon). But his own drink was a simple, but exacting mix of ice, Jack Daniels Tennessee whiskey and water. "This is a gentleman's drink," is how he described it. "This is nice." He called it "The Black Ass of Jack Daniel," on occasion. Use a leaded crystal glass, if possible. Sinatra was a fan of elegant glassware, and built a voluminous collection. He believed that good glassware brought out the best in any booze. Drop four cubes—no more—into the glass. Sinatra would pick out any more cubes than four with a spoon, and admonish the bartender that he wanted to drink, not skate. Pour two fingers of Jack Daniels over the ice—no more. His bodyguards would tell bartenders "Don't try to be his friend by mixing it heavy. He don't like it like that." Sinatra once described a drink too heavy in whiskey as "Sammy Davis in a glass. "Fill the remainder of the glass with a quality still water, like Poland Springs. Sinatra drank water only as a cocktail mixer, never for refreshment, or even as a back to a cocktail. "I'm thirsty, I'm not dirty," he would scowl. Allow the drink to settle for two minutes. Sinatra would drink martinis right on pouring, but believed that allowing a mixed drink on the rocks allowed it to settle, and brought out its subtleties. Drink your Black Ass of Jack Daniel Sinatra's way. He did not hold cocktails by the rim, and infrequently set them down. He would cup them in his hand, insulated by a cocktail napkin. Show Comments YOU MAY ALSO LIKERead What Drinks Can You Mix With Vodka? Read The Best Martini Olives Read What to Mix With Jack Daniels Read Top Alcoholic Drinks to Mix With Coke Read Hungry Jack Pancake Mix Instructions Read How to Tell How Old a Bottle of Jack Daniel's Is 
Drug Diversion Home / Practice Area / Professional Licensing / Drug Diversion / Drug Diversion Drug Diversion Attorneys Defending Doctors and Nurses Accused of Drug Diversion Drug diversion is defined as the misappropriation of prescription medication without legal authorization. The most common examples are when a physician writes a prescription for narcotics without a legitimate medical necessity or when a nurse diverts medication from a pyxis machine. Drug diversion allegations are very serious in nature and could lead to criminal charges if state or federal authorities are contacted. There are a number of state and federal investigators charged with combating drug diversion: state licensing investigators (LARA & DOH), DEA Office of Diversion Control, Michigan State Police Narcotics Enforcement Teams, HEAT, Florida Drug Enforcement Strike Force, Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE), etc. State Drug Diversion Investigations by LARA & DOHIf an allegation of drug diversion is referred to your state licensing board (i.e. Board of Medicine, Board of Nursing, Board of Pharmacy, etc.) an investigator will be assigned to your case. The investigator will likely call you after he/she has completed their investigation of the allegations of drug diversion / stealing drugs. Do not meet with the state investigator without an attorney qualified to handle complex drug diversion allegations. After the state investigator concludes their investigation, the case may either be referred to local police, the Michigan State Police, Florida State Police, or the Attorney General’s office for criminal charges. Regardless of whether or not the state desires to pursue criminal charges, the investigation will also be forwarded to your licensing board (Board of Medicine, Board of Osteopathic Medicine, Nursing Board, physician’s task force, Board of Pharmacy, etc.) to determine if a formal complaint is issued. If a formal complaint is filed accusing you of drug diversion, your case will then follow the formal administrative complaint process. Chart of Florida’s Administrative Complaint Process Chart of Michigan’s Administrative Complaint Process Federal DEA Drug Diversion Investigations The DEA Office of Diversion Control was set up to combat serious cases of drug diversion against physicians, mid-level providers, and nurses. The DEA investigates and assists the Department of Justice in indicting physicians, mid-level providers, nurses and pharmacists for criminal drug diversion in violation of the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). When the DEA concludes their investigation, the DOJ will determine if Federal prosecution is appropriate or whether they should defer to state prosecutors or the state licensing board. When the DEA investigates diversion, they often send undercover officers or patients to the practice or pharmacy to attempt to obtain narcotics for “other than legitimate medical need.” Sometimes they approach patients and attempt to coerce cooperation, and have them visit the practice while being recorded. After they establish their case, the DEA will raid a practice or pharmacy in cooperation with local authorities and the FBI. This will result in negative media coverage of the practice. During the raid, they always attempt to obtain a “statement” from providers in the practice or pharmacy. Do not make a statement to DEA agents without the advice and assistance of a knowledgeable diversion defense attorney. Generally, by the time the practice is raided, the DEA and the DOJ have obtained enough evidence to charge the physicians, nurses, pharmacists and mid-level providers at the practice, and an indictment may already be issued but remains under seal. When faced with drug diversion allegations, it is vitally important that you obtain qualified attorney at the first hint that you are under investigation because by the time you realize that you are under investigation, you may have already been charged. (See here for more information about unlawful prescribing and dispensing charges ). Statements Made to Investigators Regarding Drug D
Jason Ballantine Jason Ballantine (born 1970) is an Australian film editor. He has been the president of the Australian Screen Editors guild since 2010. He was nominated in the category of Best Editing in the 2005 Australian Film Institute Awards for his work on "Wolf Creek".
Dead Sea From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For the novel, see Dead Sea (novel). Dead Sea ים המלח (in Hebrew)البحر الميت (in Arabic)A view of the sea from the Israeli shore Location Israel Jordan Palestine Coordinates 31°30′N 35°30′ECoordinates: 31°30′N 35°30′ELake type Endorheic Hypersaline Primary inflows Jordan River Primary outflows None Catchment area 41,650 km 2 (16,080 sq mi)Basin countries Israel Jordan Palestine Max. length 50 km (31 mi) [1] (northern basin only)Max. width 15 km (9.3 mi) [1]Surface area 605 km 2 (234 sq mi) (2016) [2]Average depth 199 m (653 ft) [3]Max. depth 298 m (978 ft) (elevation of deepest point, 728 m BSL [below sea level], minus current surface elevation)Water volume 114 km 3 (27 cu mi) [3]Shore length 1 135 km (84 mi)Surface elevation −430.5 m (−1,412 ft) (2016) [4]References [3] [4]1 Shore length is not a well-defined measure. Short video about the Dead Sea from the Israeli News Company The Dead Sea ( Hebrew: יָם הַמֶּלַח Yam ha-Melah lit. Sea of Salt; Arabic: البحر الميت Al-Bahr al-Mayyit [5]) is a salt lake bordered by Jordan to the east and Israel and Palestine to the west. Its surface and shores are 430.5 metres (1,412 ft) below sea level, [4] [6] Earth's lowest elevation on land. The Dead Sea is 304 m (997 ft) deep, the deepest hypersaline lake in the world. With a salinity of 342 g/kg, or 34.2%, (in 2011), it is 9.6 times as salty as the ocean and one of the world's saltiest bodies of water. [7] This salinity makes for a harsh environment in which plants and animals cannot flourish, hence its name. The Dead Sea is 50 kilometres (31 mi) long and 15 kilometres (9 mi) wide at its widest point. [1] It lies in the Jordan Rift Valley, and its main tributary is the Jordan River. The Dead Sea has attracted visitors from around the Mediterranean basin for thousands of years. It was one of the world's first health resorts (for Herod the Great ), and it has been the supplier of a wide variety of products, from asphalt for Egyptian mummification to potash for fertilisers. People also use the salt and the minerals from the Dead Sea to create cosmetics and herbal sachets. The Dead Seawater has a density of 1.24 kg/litre, which makes swimming similar to floating. [8] [9]The Dead Sea is receding at an alarming rate. Multiple canals and pipelines were proposed to reduce its recession, which had begun causing many problems. The Red Sea–Dead Sea Water Conveyance project, carried out by Jordan, will provide water to neighbouring countries, while the brine will be carried to the Dead Sea to help stabilise its levels. The first phase of the project is scheduled to begin in 2018 and be completed in 2021. [10]Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology and toponymy2 Geography3 Natural history4 Climate5 Chemistry6 Putative therapies6.1 Psoriasis6.2 Rhinosinusitis6.3 Osteoarthritis7 Fauna and flora8 Human settlement9 Human history9.1 Biblical period9.2 Greek and Roman period9.3 Byzantine period9.4 Modern times10 Tourism and leisure10.1 British Mandate period10.2 Israel10.3 Jordan10.4 West Bank11 Chemical industry11.1 British Mandate period11.2 Israel11.3 Jordan11.4 West Bank11.5 Extraction12 Recession and environmental concerns13 See also14 References15 Further reading16 External links Etymology and toponymy In Hebrew, the Dead Sea is Yām ha-Melaḥ ( help · info) ( ים המלח ), meaning "sea of salt " ( Genesis 14:3). The Bible uses this term alongside two others: the Sea of the Arabah ( Yām ha-‘Ărāvâ ים הערבה ), and the Eastern Sea ( Yām ha-Mizraḥîים המזרחי ). The designation "Dead Sea" never appears in the Bible. In prose sometimes the term Yām ha-Māvet ( ים המוות , "sea of death") is used, due to the scarcity of aquatic life there. [11] In Arabic the Dead Sea is called al-Bahr al-Mayyit ( help · info) [5] ("the Dead Sea"), or less commonly baḥrᵘ lūṭᵃ ( بحر لوط, "the Sea of Lot "). Another historic name in Arabic was the "Sea of Zoʼar ", after a nearby town in biblical times. The Greeks called it Lake Asphaltites ( Attic Greek ἡ Θάλαττα ἀσφαλτῖτης, hē Thálatta asphaltĩtēs, "the Asphaltite [12] sea"). G
Longmire season 5 release date - September 23, 2016 on Netflix Main » TV-series » Longmire season 5 release date - September 23, 2016Longmire season 5 release date - September 23, 2016 on Netflix2016-09-23TV show status Longmire season 5 release date: 2016-09-23Last updated: 2015-11-08Max Pogorelyi Author Date: 2015-11-08Original release: June 3, 2012. Recently, the channel Netflix ( Sense8 Season 2) officially announced the release of season 5 series Longmire. Longmire season 5 cancelled or renewed? When Longmire season 5 be released? Will Longmire season 5 be final? Description Review The original name: Longmire season 5Director: John Coveny, Hunt Baldwin Duration: 45 min. Seasons: Actors: Robert Taylor, Katee Sackhoff, Bailey Chase, Adam Bartley, Cassidy Freeman, Lou Diamond Phillips Genre: Crime, Drama Country: USA TV channel: Netflix Original release: When does Longmire season 5 return on Netflix? We have the new information on the status of Longmire season 5. Release date to be confirmed at the show's Netflix channel. Thank you for having taken part in the voting for Longmire season 5. Longmire is an American crime drama television series that premiered on June 3, 2012, on the A&E network. The series was developed by John Coveny and Hunt Baldwin, and is based on the Walt Longmire Mysteries series of mystery novels written by best-selling author Craig Johnson. About TV show Longmire season 5On October 30, 2015, Netflix announced Longmire would return for a fifth season. Most likely the new season will be released in autumn 2016. While there is no exact date. But we are glad that the show will be continued. We look forward to the Longmire season 5 together!September 23, 2016Subscribe to receive last news and updates status TV show Longmire season 5. You will receive an automatic email when the Longmire season 5 renewed or cancelled. Email Notify me What can you learn about the TV series: Longmire season 5? We have description, trailer and wallpapers ( photos from the set) series. If there is no any information about the show, please contact us by mail or leave a review. What don`t we have? We don`t have enough high-quality reviews. Dear friends, we are waiting for you to help, send us your reviews, we will post them. We can not see all the TV shows, but we know most of them. You can also register on the site, add series to your personal cabinet, its date release to Google Calendar. You can vote for your favorite TV series. Now the series Supernatural season 13 is leading. Please leave feedback if you watched at least one episode. It will help others to choose the new series.163270 views? Votes 3Rating42 votes 4.53333 avg rating Facebook Twitter Google+ Reviews Leave your comment You want to change avatar? Then go to the website gravatar.com and set up your profile. Reviewsjhal2015-12-18 04:58:19I'm looking forward to the Longmire series continuing please update asap. Answertony2016-06-23 03:51:37Love the show Answer Gloria2016-10-02 17:45:42You have a great series here . Longmire is one of the best series ive seen in twenty years! Your actors are great and i would lovs to continue seeing more shows .. Please let me know when #6 will be coming.. Answer Lee2016-10-31 10:41:47Wonderful series - have watched them all on Netflix - can't wait for season #6! Please let me know when season 6 will be aired. Answer Wayne2015-12-20 22:08:01Comment (at least 5 characters)... Can't wait for season five of Longmire to start. Great series. Answermoose332015-12-22 06:26:06The Longmire writers had better do something about getting Walt and Vic together. They really screwed up in season 4 by having Walt totally IGNORE Vic's devotion and romantic interest and having him chase after the "wrinkled blonde." Read the books if you want to know the REAL Walt Longmire!Answer Molly M2016-08-21 21:58:52Wrinkled blonde? She has less wrinkles than Walt does! What a horrible thing to say! Vick is CHILD. Walt wants a WOMAN. The show DOES NOT FOLLOW THE BOOKS in case you haven't noticed! Lucian has two legs, Vick is a blonde not a brunette, Walt's w
If you are investing in DWTI or any other leveraged oil ETF...
Not necessarily. There are a couple of main contributing factors that go into the velocity at which any given satellite orbits around a planet or star. Number one is the initial velocity at which the satellite was already traveling when it was pulled into its planet's gravitational pull. Remember that an object in motion stays in motion until another force acts upon it. In space, other than the gravitational force of its planet, the other forces that notably act upon a satellite are few and far between.  Also, more massive planets have a greater gravitational pull than those which are less massive. This gravitational pull sometimes potentiates a satellite's velocity.
In vitro synthesis and reconstitution using mammalian cell-free lysates enables the systematic study of the regulation of LINC complex assembly Membrane proteins perform numerous important functions in cells and tissues. Approximately 20% of the human genome encodes for membrane proteins, which represent the majority of targets for clinically relevant small molecules. Consequently, understanding their structure and structure-function relationships is a fundamental problem in biomedical research. Given the difficulties inherent to performing mechanistic biochemical and biophysical studies of membrane proteins in vitro, we previously developed a facile HeLa cell-based cell-free expression (CFE) system that enables the efficient reconstitution of full-length (FL) functional membrane proteins in supported lipid bilayers. Despite having shown the directional reconstitution of CFE-synthesized FL inner nuclear membrane SUN proteins (i.e. SUN1 and SUN2), which directly interact with outer nuclear membrane KASH proteins within the nuclear envelope lumen to form linker of nucleoskeleton and cytoskeleton (LINC) complexes that mechanically couple the cytoskeleton and nucleus, the mechanism underlying regulated LINC complex assembly remains unclear. Here, we provide evidence that suggests that the reconstitution of CFE-synthesized FL membrane proteins in supported lipid bilayers occurs primarily through the fusion of endoplasmic reticulum-derived microsomes present within our CFE reactions with our supported lipid bilayers. In addition, we demonstrate the ease with which our synthetic biology platform can be used to investigate the impact of the chemical environment (e.g. calcium ions and redox state) on the ability of CFE-synthesized FL SUN proteins reconstituted in supported lipid bilayers to interact with the luminal domain of the KASH protein nesprin-2. Moreover, we use our platform to study the molecular requirements for the homo- and hetero-typic interactions that can occur between SUN1 and SUN2. Finally, we show that our platform can be used to simultaneously reconstitute three different CFE-synthesized FL membrane proteins in a single supported lipid bilayer. Overall, these results establish our HeLa cell-based CFE and supported lipid bilayer reconstitution platform as a powerful tool for performing mechanistic dissections of the oligomerization and function of FL membrane proteins in vitro. While our platform is not a substitute for cell-based studies of membrane protein biochemistry and function, it does provide important mechanistic insights into the biology of difficult-to-study membrane proteins.

ABSTRACT GRAPHIC O_FIG_DISPLAY_L [Figure 1] M_FIG_DISPLAY C_FIG_DISPLAY
How can I get back my instagram deleted dms?
progressivism Correct all you're your grammar errors instantly. Try it now.progressivism (redirected from Progressive politics) Also found in: Thesaurus, Legal, Encyclopedia .pro·gres·siv·ism (prə-grĕs′ĭ-vĭz′əm)n.1. The principles and practices of political progressives.2. Progressive education.pro·gres′siv·ist n.pro·gres′siv·is′tic adj. American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fifth Edition. Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.pro•gres•siv•ism (prəˈgrɛs əˌvɪz əm)n.1. the principles and practices of progressives.2. ( cap.) the doctrines and beliefs of a Progressive Party. [1890–95]pro•gres′siv•ist, n., adj. Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary, © 2010 K Dictionaries Ltd. Copyright 2005, 1997, 1991 by Random House, Inc. All rights reserved.progressivism1. Also called progressionism, progressism. the principles and practices of thoseadvocating progress, change, or reform, especially in political matters.2. (cap.) the doctrines and beliefs of the Progressive party in America. — progressivist, n. See also: Politics-Ologies & -Isms. Copyright 2008 The Gale Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Thesaurus Antonyms Related Words Synonyms Legend: Switch to new thesaurus Noun 1. progressivism - the political orientation of those who favor progress toward betterconditions in government and societyideology, political orientation, political theory - an orientation that characterizesthe thinking of a group or nation Based on Word Net 3.0, Farlex clipart collection. © 2003-2012 Princeton University, Farlex Inc. Translations Select a language: Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us, add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content . Link to this page:<a href="https://www.thefreedictionary.com/Progressive+politics">progressivism</a>Facebook Twitter Finally, Farlex brings you all the rules of English grammar, all in one place, explained in simple terms. The Farlex Grammar Bookis available now in paperback and e Book formats. 
Somatic uniparental disomy mitigates the most damaging EFL1 allele combination in Shwachman-Diamond syndrome Shwachman-Diamond syndrome (SDS; OMIM: #260400) is caused by variants in SBDS (Shwachman-Bodian-Diamond syndrome gene), which encodes a protein that plays an important role in ribosome assembly. Recent reports suggest that recessive variants in EFL1 are also responsible for SDS. However, the precise genetic mechanism that leads to EFL1-induced SDS remains incompletely understood. Here we present three unrelated Korean SDS patients that carry biallelic pathogenic variants in EFL1 with biased allele frequencies, resulting from a bone marrow-specific somatic uniparental disomy (UPD) in chromosome 15. The recombination events generated cells that were homozygous for the relatively milder variant, allowing for the evasion of catastrophic physiological consequences. Still, the milder EFL1 variant was solely able to impair 80S ribosome assembly and induce SDS features in cell line, zebrafish, and mouse models. The loss of EFL1 resulted in a pronounced inhibition of terminal oligo-pyrimidine element-containing ribosomal protein transcript 80S assembly. Therefore, we propose a more accurate pathogenesis mechanism of EFL1 dysfunction that eventually leads to aberrant translational control and ribosomopathy.
Garry Winogrand Garry Winogrand Garry Winogrand (14 January 1928 – 19 March 1984) was an American street photographer from the Bronx, New York, known for his portrayal of U.S. life and its social issues, in the mid-20th century. Though he photographed in Los Angeles and elsewhere, Winogrand was essentially a New York photographer. He received three Guggenheim Fellowships to work on personal projects, a fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts, and published four books during his lifetime. He was one of three photographers featured in the influential "New Documents" exhibition at Museum of Modern Art in New York in 1967
The Ordovician Period started at a major extinction event called the Cambrian-Ordovician extinction events some time about 485.4 ± 1.9 Ma. During the Ordovician the southern continents were collected into a single continent called Gondwana. Gondwana started the period in the equatorial latitudes and, as the period progressed, drifted toward the South Pole. Early in the Ordovician the continents Laurentia, Siberia and Baltica were still independent continents (since the break-up of the supercontinent Pannotia earlier), but Baltica began to move toward Laurentia later in the period, causing the Iapetus Ocean to shrink between them. Also, Avalonia broke free from Gondwana and began to head north toward Laurentia. The Rheic Ocean was formed as a result of this. By the end of the period, Gondwana had neared or approached the pole and was largely glaciated.
One Strike "One Strike" is a song recorded by English-Canadian girl group All Saints for their fourth studio album, "Red Flag" (2016). The track was written by group member Shaznay Lewis and its producer Hutch, inspired by the breakdown of group member Nicole Appleton's highly publicised marriage to Oasis and Beady Eye frontman Liam Gallagher. It is a mid-tempo, R&B, soul and synthpop song. The production is more minimal than in the group's previous singles, featuring a progressive synth line, guitar and rattling percussion instruments. The lyrics detail Nicole's emotions when it was revealed to her that Gallagher had an affair and was expecting a child with American journalist Liza Ghorbani.
A kickback is an official's share of misappropriated funds allocated from his or her organization to an organization involved in corrupt bidding. For example, suppose that a politician is in charge of choosing how to spend some public funds. He can give a contract to a company that is not the best bidder, or allocate more than they deserve. In this case, the company benefits, and in exchange for betraying the public, the official receives a kickback payment, which is a portion of the sum the company received. This sum itself may be all or a portion of the difference between the actual (inflated) payment to the company and the (lower) market-based price that would have been paid had the bidding been competitive.
Arthur Zimmermann, the German who wrote the telegram himself acknowledged the authenticity of the telegram repeatedly in 1917. Stressing the fact that it was only suppose to be in the context of american entrance into the war that Germany would support mexico. There was widespread belief that it was a hoax among the general public before that, but Zimmermann's admittance removed such doubt's.
Whigham, Georgia Whigham, Georgia. Whigham is a city in Grady County, Georgia, United States. The population was 471 at the 2010 census, down from 631 in 2000.
Recovery Times After Carpal Tunnel Surgery So, what are the recovery times after Carpal Tunnel Surgery? In brief, full recovery from Carpal Tunnel Surgery can take six weeks to over a year. It can involve a lot of visits to a physical therapist for rehabilitation over the course of that time frame. This is a broad time frame and depends on many factors.
In Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!, he gives advice on the best way to pick up a girl in a hostess bar. At Caltech, he used a nude or topless bar as an office away from his usual office, making sketches or writing physics equations on paper placemats. When the county officials tried to close the place, all visitors except Feynman refused to testify in favor of the bar, fearing that their families or patrons would learn about their visits. Only Feynman accepted, and in court, he affirmed that the bar was a public need, stating that craftsmen, technicians, engineers, common workers, "and a physics professor" frequented the establishment. While the bar lost the court case, it was allowed to remain open as a similar case was pending appeal.
Silver Rocket "Silver Rocket" was the second single from Sonic Youth's 1988 album "Daydream Nation". "Rolling Stone" ranked it No. 79 in the "100 Greatest Guitar Songs of All Time".
Safe Radon Levels What is a safe and acceptable level of radon gas? This is actually two separate questions. The first is: “What is a safe level of radon gas?” The second is: “What is an acceptable level of radon gas?”What is a safe level of radon gas? This is the simpler of the two questions. A safe level of radon gas is no radon gas. Radon gas is a carcinogen which causes lung cancer. The US EPA has put it plainly, stating, “Any radon exposure has some risk of causing lung cancer. The lower the radon level in your home, the lower your family’s risk of lung cancer.” The average person receives a higher dose of radiation from the radon levels in their home than from their combined exposure to all other radiation sources, natural or man-made. Radon gas is a naturally-occurring byproduct of the radioactive decay of Uranium in the soil. Depending on your geographic location, the radon levels of the air you breathe outside of your home may be as high as 0.75 p Ci/L. The national average of outside radon levels is 0.4 p Ci/L and it is estimated by the National Academy of Sciences that outdoor radon levels cause approximately 800 of the 21,000 radon induced lung cancer deaths in the US each year. Your risk of lung cancer increases substantially with exposure to higher radon levels. Lung cancer risk rises 16% per 2.7 p Ci/L increase in radon exposure. World Health Organization, 2009 studies show that radon is the primary cause of lung cancer among people who have never smoked. However, the absolute numbers of radon-induced lung cancers are much larger in people who smoke, or who have smoked in the past, due to a strong combined effect of smoking and radon. What is an acceptable level of radon gas? Radon Act 51 passed by Congress set the natural outdoor level of radon gas (0.4 p Ci/L) as the target radon level for indoor radon levels. Unfortunately two-thirds of all homes exceed this level. The US EPA was tasked with setting practical guidelines and recommendations for the nation. To this end, the US EPA has set an action level of 4 p Ci/L. At or above this level of radon, the EPA recommends you take corrective measures to reduce your exposure to radon gas. This does not imply that a level below 4.0 p Ci/L is considered acceptable, as stated in the BEIR VI study. It is estimated that a reduction of radon levels to below 2 p Ci/L nationwide would likely reduce the yearly lung cancer deaths attributed to radon by 50%. However, even with an action level of 2.0 p Ci/L, the cancer risk presented by radon gas is still hundreds of times greater than the risks allowed for carcinogens in our food and water. The World Health Organization The WHO Handbook on Indoor Radon: A Public Health Perspective indicates that radon exposure is a major and growing public health threat in homes and recommends that countries adopt reference levels of the gas of 100 Bq/m3 which is equivalent to 2.7 p Ci/L. You can download a PDF version of the WHO handbook on indoor radon here. “Radon is the second most important cause of lung cancer after smoking in many countries,” notes Dr Maria Neira, Director of WHO’s Public Health and Environment Department. “Most of radon-induced lung cancers occur from low and medium dose exposures in people’s homes. Strengthened action by policy makers, and by construction and building professionals can substantially lower the health impact by preventing and reducing radon exposure.”Conclusion While no level of radon gas is completely safe, as with most things in life we must balance the benefits and costs to find our own “acceptable” levels. We walk outside and work in the sun, exposing ourselves to ultraviolet radiation and increasing our risk of developing skin cancer. We drive in automobiles almost every day even though greater than 1 in 86 deaths is a result of automobile accidents. People smoke, eat poorly, and engage in dangerous behaviors on a daily basis. To some degree, radon gas is another daily risk that we all must take. However, you choose what you eat, whether or not you smoke, and how and when you drive. You have 
No. The nose is not a digestive organ, it does not have the acids required to break down compounds. Same with the lungs, it would not be a good idea to inhale powdered pills. Pills often have thin coatings that protect your mouth from the actual chemical, grind them up and you lose that effect. In general, **follow the instructions!!**
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
065503681 Routing Number (WHITNEY BANK) Home WHITNEY BANK 065503681 Routing Number065503681 Routing Number (WHITNEY BANK)Transfer Money Up to 8x Cheaper Than Banks with Transfer Wise When you get or send a wire transfer globally with your bank, you might find a poor exchange rate, and pay hidden fees consequently. We recommend using Transfer Wise to find a terrific rate and low, transparent fee each time. Learn more.065503681 is assigned to WHITNEY BANK, NEW ORLEANS, Main Office by American Bankers Association (ABA). WHITNEY BANK Main Office is located at 2285 LAKESHORE DRIVE, BUILDING 4, NEW ORLEANS, LA. In case of any confusion regarding the routing number, one call the bank directly at (800) 448-8812. Fed ACH Routing Number Routing Number 065503681Bank Name WHITNEY BANKOffice Type Main Office Servicing FRB Number061000146Servicing FRB Number Address1000 Peachtree Street NE, Georgia, GA, 30309Address 2285 LAKESHORE DRIVE, BUILDING 4, NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana, LA, 70122City NEW ORLEANSZipcode 70122-0000Phone (800) 448-8812State Louisiana (LA)Record Type Code 1 (Send items to customer routing number)Change Date 08-01-16 (MM-DD-YY)Routing Number Format: PPPP QQQQ RPFederal Reserver Routing Symbol QAmerican Bankers Association (ABA) Code of the Financial Institution RChecksum which is used to verify if the routing number is valid or not Routing Numbers of WHITNEY BANK branches around 180 miles Routing Number Fedwire Facility Office Type City Zipcode State062101219- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana062205610- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana063112786- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana063206139- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana063209505- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana065000171- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana065005435- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana065104116- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana065106619- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana065201611- Main Office NEW ORLEANS 70122 Louisiana Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)What is a Routing Number? Routing number is a Nine digit code assigned by American Bankers Association (ABA). It uniquely identifies the financial institution and check-processing center. Routing number is also referred as Bank Routing number, routing transit number (RTN), ABA routing number and swift codes. Routing number is most commonly used for ACH (Automated Clearing House), check deposit and bank wire transfers. It is used to send and receive funds from other financial institutions. It varies based on the region where your account was opened. How can I find my Bank Routing number? Routing number is printed on the lower left corner of your Bank Check Book. At the bottom of the Check you will find 3 groups of numbers. The first group is Routing number, the second group is your bank account number and the final group is your check number.065503681If you don't have your Check Book, you can simply use our Routing Number Lookup facility to find your Bank’s Routing Code. What information is required to receive a Wire Transfer? For Domestic Wire Transfer one needs to provide following information: Beneficiary Name Beneficiary Account number ABA/Routing Number Beneficiary Bank Name and Address For international bank transfers one needs to provide Swift code along with routing number. Some routing numbers are restricted to use. Please check with your financial institution directly to confirm the routing number. 
Is Tramadol HCL an opiate? Tramadol (marketed as Ultram, and as generics) is an opioid pain medication used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. When taken as an immediate-release oral formulation, the onset of pain relief usually occurs within about an hour. It has two different mechanisms. First, it binds to the μ-opioid receptor.
Accretion (finance) In finance, accretion is the change in the price of a bond bought at a discount to the par value of the bond. [1] Accretion can be thought of as the antonym of amortization. Accretion, in a corporate finance environment, is essentially the actual value created after a particular transaction. A deal will always be earnings accretive if the acquirer's price-to-earnings ratio is greater than the target's price-to-earnings ratio, including the acquisition premium. In accounting, accretion expense is the expense created when updating the present value of an instrument. For example, if you originally recognize the present value of a liability at $650, which has a future value of $1000, every year you must increase the PV of the liability as it comes closer to its FV. If the above liability, for example an asset retirement obligation, had a discount rate of 10%, accretion expense in Yr.1 would be $65 and the PV of the liability at the end of Yr.1 would be $715. In the context of mergers and acquisitions, accretion is referred to as the increase in a company's earnings per share on a pro forma basis following the transaction. For example, if Company A has $1.00 earnings per share and after acquiring Company B, the combined company's earnings per share is $1.25, then the acquisition would be referred to as 25% accretive. In contrast, a transaction is dilutive if the earnings per share decreases following the transaction. References [ edit]^ Accretion definition on the financial dictionary This article about investment is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it. 
Scripting .NET Applications with IronPython From IronPython.net. IronPython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework. IronPython can use the .NET Framework and Python libraries, and other .NET languages can use Python code just as easily. .
All US service members always salute palm down, always, there is no other US salute. If you see a US person saluting different, they probably weren't in the military and didn't know what they were doing, or were messing around. The UK Army salute is palm up/out (The UK Navy salute is more similar to the US salute, palm in)
Maine State Route 227 State Route 227 (abbreviated SR 227) is a 24.38 mi state highway located entirely in Aroostook County in northeastern Maine. Its western terminus is at SR 11 in Ashland and its eastern terminus is at SR 163 in Presque Isle after sharing a 1 mi concurrency.
Great skin from this day forward Great skin from this day forward By Kimberly Goad, Health.com Updated 7:51 AM ET, Fri May 11, 2012Apply sunscreen each morning and a retinoid at night to repair and protect your skin. Story highlights A study found sunscreen also protects against free radicals -- the molecules that cause aging Pick an eye cream that has antioxidants high on the ingredient list For light sun spots, try an OTC bleaching cream OK, so you baked yourself silly in high school. Who didn't? What counts -- at least in terms of looking younger -- isn't so much what you used to do, but what you're doing right now. "Studies show you can reverse the damage," says Debra Jaliman, M. D., author of "Skin Rules: Trade Secrets from a Top New York Dermatologist." "You can actually take 10 to 15 years off your age. "We know what you're thinking: Sure -- if you're willing to empty out your savings in the name of skin care, anything's possible. But you don't have to go to extremes: Pricey procedures at the dermatologist's office aren't the only anti-aging options that work. "You can reverse skin damage with three basic tenets," says New York City dermatologist Neil Sadick, M. D. "Turn over skin cells, stimulate collagen, and add volume. "In the last 10 years, skin-care breakthroughs have made it possible to pull that off, repairing skin's most vulnerable areas with targeted products and treatments. So what gets results you can actually see at the best possible price? That's the question we put to leading dermatologists. The good news: Many of the remedies they raved about are affordable and don't require a trip to the dermatologist. Get ready for smoother, softer, younger-looking skin -- starting right now. Health.com: 7 ways you're aging your skin Rejuvenate your face It's not your imagination: Your skin may still be willing, but it's no longer able to bounce back quite the way it did even five years ago. With every birthday, your body's production of collagen and elastin -- two proteins responsible for skin's structural support and elasticity -- slows down. As a result, your skin begins to stretch, especially if you've spent a lot of time in the sun. Bottom line. If you do nothing else to age-proof your skin, apply sunscreen each morning and a retinoid at night. Using a broad-spectrum sunscreen with SPF 30 or higher every day -- no matter the weather or season -- isn't just about preventing sun damage. A study published in the Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology found that sunscreens also protect against free radicals -- the molecules that cause aging -- and the majority of the protection is thanks to the UV filters rather than antioxidants. As for retinoids, research shows that they're the ultimate multitaskers, preventing the buildup of dead skin cells, diminishing wrinkles, and lightening sun spots. Not everyone can tolerate the vitamin-A derivative, so start with an over-the-counter retinol product. If you don't notice an improvement after six weeks, see your dermatologist for a prescription retinoid (like Renova) and apply it every other day until your skin adjusts, then every day, suggests Sadick. Health.com: Get flawless skin naturally Baby your eye area The area around those two windows to your soul is the first place most of us notice signs of aging. Blame the loss of collagen coupled with decades of smiling and squinting, plus the inherent trickiness of shielding your eyes from the sun. (Age-accelerating UVA rays can sneak through your sunglasses. )Any moisturizer (especially if it has hyaluronic acid, which draws moisture from the air) will plump up the area temporarily, but one that also has antioxidants like vitamins A, C, and E can help reverse the signs of sun damage and prevent further damage. What exactly do these alphabet answers to aging do? Vitamin A is the age-reversing ingredient in retinoids; vitamins C and E help protect against free-radical damage. Bottom line. The best eye creams aren't necessarily the most expensive ones. Pick a product that has antioxidants high on the ingredient list. A
Keras update N batches
That's basically what happens with fever, hence the overwhelming desire to stay in bed under many warm blankets. It may be your own heat, but your body produces a substantial amount of heat and needs to get rid of some. If it can't, body temperature will rise. (The body has a number of mechanisms that normally keep temperature very effectively regulated; in this case, you'd wake up sweating like a pig and throw the blankets off.) For fun, let's assume you're running a high fever, but are paralyzed, and unable to throw off the blankets. As your temperature rises, you'll go past normal feelings of cruddiness to actual neurological symptoms: convulsions, hallucinations, delirium, and eventually brain damage. Death becomes increasingly likely with increasing temperature; an Atlanta man survived a 115.7 F (46.5 C) heatstroke, but for normal people, past 106 is a medical emergency.  Should you die, your body will approach room temperature.
Undoubtedly, someone will eventually answer better than I, but this is how remember learning about it - the 'X' you see is made up of repeating bands, showing a repeating structure (specifically, characteristic of a helix) - i.e. the repeating coils of DNA, while the distance between the bands shows the distance between the major grooves of the helix, i.e. the average distance/number of basepairs per turn. A lot more complicated mathematics went into actually computing the numbers for the dimensions of the double helix, however. [See here](_URL_1_)  It's actually interesting to note that in order for x-ray crystallography to work, they needed (as the name implies) a crystal. DNA does not exist (in vivo) in such a state - they had to dehydrate their samples in order to get a resolvable image, which doesn't necessarily reflect the shape that DNA exists as within our cells. _URL_0_
When you say "lower Middle Ages," do you mean in the French sense of *bas moyen age*, ~1000-1500? (English would usually say "early" and "later" rather than high and low). If so, you might be interested in: * Ian Mortimer, *The Time Traveller's Guide to the Fourteenth Century* * Barbara Hanawalt, *The Ties That Bound: Peasant Families in Medieval England* For the early (or "high" in high/low; 500-1000CE) Middle Ages, the best book to start with is Peter Brown, *The Rise of Western Christendom*, but that does not really focus on peasant life really at all. Maybe Julia Smith, *Europe After Rome*, although Brown is the much more entertaining writer. Chris Wickham writes a lot about peasant life in that era, but his books are SUPER dense.
Sorry that I don't have an answer for the first, but bleach or vinegar can get rid of the trail. This will stop the column, but the ants will still send out scouts and recreate it if they find something they want again.
Meet the Cast of 'SpongeBob SquarePants' Arts, Music, and Recreation ›TV & Film Meet the Cast of 'Sponge Bob Square Pants'Share Flipboard Email Printby Nancy Basile Updated August 30, 2017The Sponge Bob Square Pants cast is full of talented veterans with successful voice-over careers. Learn more about the voice actors behind Sponge Bob Square Pants. Tom Kenny (Sponge Bob Square Pants)Frederick M. Brown/Stringer/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images for Nickolodeon Tom Kenny's voice is hard to hide from. He's everywhere. Listen closely to any nasal, high-pitched cartoon character and you may discover you're listening to Tom Kenny. However, Sponge Bob Square Pants is his most famous character. Whether Sponge Bob is laughing or crying or singing, his performance is always about more than just the sound of Sponge Bob; it's about the inflection, the intonation, and the phrasing. Where You've Heard Him: as The Mayor, Winnie the Pooh as Rabbit, Adventure Time as Ice King, The Fairly Odd Parents as Cupid, The Batman as Penguin Bill Fagerbakke (Patrick Star)Bill Fagerbakke attends the unveiling of a Sponge Bob Square Pants wax figure in honor of the 10th anniversary of Nickelodeon's Sponge Bob Square Pants at Madame Tussauds on July 15, 2009 in New York City. Larry Busacca/Getty Images for Nickelodeon In the 10th anniversary documentary about Sponge Bob Square Pants, creator Stephen Hillenburg said Bill Fagerbakke was the smartest dumb guy on TV. It's true because, in order to play Patrick's stupidity to full comedic effect, Bill Fagerbakke must be brilliant. His low, throaty sound is perfect for Patrick's foolish diatribes and occasional cries of anguish. Bill Fagerbakke is most famous for the loveable lug head Dauber he played on Coach. Where You've Heard Him: as Bulkhead, Batman: The Brave and the Bold as Ronnie Raymond See also: 10 Classic Nickelodeon Cartoons from the '90s Rodger Bumpass (Squidward Tentacles)Voice artist/actors Rodger Bumpass, Jill Talley and speak during 'Sponge Bob Square Pants' panel discussion at Comic-Con 2009 held at San Diego Convention Center on July 25, 2009 in San Diego, California. Michael Buckner/Getty Images What a life Rodger Bumpass must have in order to bring out Squidward's bitter bile so well. He seems to draw from a deep pool of ennui. Plus, he's just dang talented. His nasal tone perfectly matches Squidward's giant shnoz. Where You've Heard Him: as Professor Membrane, Teen Titans as Dr. Light Clancy Brown (Eugene Krabs)Actor Clancy Brown attends the Premiere of Universal Pictures 'Cowboys & Aliens' during Comic-Con 2011 at San Diego Civic Theatre on July 23, 2011 in San Diego, California. Frazer Harrison/Getty Images I was surprised when I first learned that Clancy Brown was the voice behind Mr. Krabs. How could that very large actor who always plays such evil villains be the voice behind one of the characters on Sponge Bob Square Pants, a cartoon revered by kids? I suppose Krabs does have an evil side to him when it comes to money. I remember Clancy Brown from Highlander when he was tormenting that nice lady and chasing down Connor. I also remembered him as the über bad preacher from Carnivàle. You've also seen him in Cowboys and Aliens and on several episodes of The Flash. Where You've Heard Him: Justice League as Lex Luthor, Avatar: The Last Airbender as Long Feng, The Batman as Mr. Freeze Mr. Lawrence (Plankton)Alexandra Wyman/Getty Images Mr. Lawrence is a writer on Sponge Bob Square Pants who also does the voices of Plankton and Larry the Lobster (I once saw an interview when he said he puffs out his chest while he's recording to get the right sound for Larry). Mr. Lawrence is not necessarily a career voice actor but takes roles in cartoons he's writing. For instance, he wrote for Rocko's Modern Life and also voiced the character of jealous Filburt Turtle. Where You've Heard Him: Camp Lazlo as Dave and Edward Carolyn Lawrence (Sandy Cheeks)Kristian Dowling/Getty Images Carolyn Lawrence is the voice of Sandy Cheeks, Sponge Bob's squirrel-friend who lives in an underwater tree dome.
Welcome to the tech era. If you're not paying to use the product, ***you*** are the product.
Powerball draw time: Deadline for last minute lottery tickets In the case of last minute entries for the Powerball, you can buy tickets from Playhugelottos up until 23.30 GMT on Wednesday 15th of May 2013: It is worth noting that this cut off time does not correspond with the actual Powerball draw time.
Successful methods for visual object recognition typically rely on training datasets containing lots of richly annotated images. Detailed image annotation, e.g. by object bounding boxes, however, is both expensive and often subjective. We describe a weakly supervised convolutional neural network (CNN) for object classification that relies only on image-level labels, yet can learn from cluttered scenes containing multiple objects. We quantify its object classification and object location prediction performance on the Pascal VOC 2012 (20 object classes) and the much larger Microsoft COCO (80 object classes) datasets. We find that the network (i) outputs accurate image-level labels, (ii) predicts approximate locations (but not extents) of objects, and (iii) performs comparably to its fully-supervised counterparts using object bounding box annotation for training.
Supercooling Water Science, Tech, Math ›Science Supercooling Water Methods For Supercooling Water Share Flipboard Email Print Anthony-Masterson, Getty Imagesby Anne Marie Helmenstine, Ph. D. Updated January 31, 2018You can cool water below its stated freezing point and then crystallize it into ice on command. This is known as supercooling. Here are step-by-step instructions for supercooling water at home. Supercooling Water: Method #1The simplest way to supercool water is to chill it in the freezer. Place an unopened bottle of distilled or purified water (e.g., with reverse osmosis) in the freezer. Mineral water or tap water will not supercool very well because they contain impurities that can lower the freezing point of the water or else serve as nucleation sites for crystallization. Allow the bottle of water to chill, undisturbed, for about 2-1/2 hours. The exact time needed to supercool the water varies depending on the temperature of your freezer. One way to tell your water is supercooled is to put a bottle of tap water (impure water) into the freezer with the bottle of pure water. When the tap water freezes, the pure water is supercooled. If the pure water also freezes, you either waited too long, somehow disturbed the container, or else the water was insufficiently pure. Carefully remove the supercooled water from the freezer. You can initiate crystallization into ice in several different ways. Two of the most entertaining ways to cause the water to freeze are to shake the bottle or to open the bottle and pour the water onto a piece of ice. In the latter case, the water will often freeze backward from the ice cube back into the bottle. Supercooling Water: Method #2If you don't have a couple of hours, there is a quicker way to supercool water. Pour about 2 tablespoons of distilled or purified water into a very clean glass. Place the glass in a bowl of ice such that the level of the ice is higher than the level of water in the glass. Avoid spilling any ice into the glass of water. Sprinkle a couple of tablespoons of salt onto the ice. Do not get any of the salt in the glass of water. Allow about 15 minutes for the water to cool below freezing. Alternatively, you can insert a thermometer into the glass of water. When the temperature of the water is below freezing, the water has been supercooled. You can make the water freeze by pouring it over a piece of ice or by dropping a small piece of ice into the glass. Learn More Supercooling Sodium Acetate (Hot Ice)Water Science Magic Tricks Why Ice Floatscite 
What are the best content management tools?
Macy Gray To Join Dave Matthews Band On Tour Music Macy Gray To Join Dave Matthews Band On Tour Soul singer will open at least 14 dates on jam rockers' outing in support of Everyday, due Tuesday.archive-Corey-Moss02/21/2001It's going to be a Gray summer for the Dave Matthews Band. Soul singer Macy Gray has been tapped to open at least 14 dates on the Charlottesville, Virginia, jam rockers' summer tour in support of their fourth studio album, Everyday, which hits stores on Tuesday. Gray will join Matthews and company on May 18 in San Francisco and tour with the band until at least July 15 in Dallas. Word on a second leg is expected to come in mid-March; a spokesperson for the Dave Matthews Band was uncertain whether Gray would remain on the tour, or which other acts will appear. Dave Matthews Band traditionally takes several different artists out on the road each year for one- or two-month jaunts. Last year, Ben Harper, Guster, Béla Fleck, the Getaway People, Indigenous, Ozomatli, the Funky Meters and Steve Earle and the Dukes spent time on the road with the band. Gray, whose multiplatinum debut album, On How Life Is, featured the hit single "I Try," last toured in November with the Black Eyed Peas and Common. Meanwhile, the Dave Matthews Band has lined up a handful of promotional events before kicking off its tour on April 21 in Charlottesville. Several Dave Matthews Band listening parties will take place simultaneously at various IMAX theatres across the United States and Canada on Thursday (February 22). Contest winners and invited guests will have the opportunity to view special footage from throughout the Dave Matthews Band's career on the big screen, while samples from the 12-track Everyday are played. The listening parties are also to promote the upcoming IMAX movie "All Access," which includes performances by Dave Matthews Band, Kid Rock and Santana, among others. The band also will perform on this week's "Saturday Night Live" and on "The Late Show With David Letterman" on Monday. "I Did It," the first single off Everyday, produced by Glen Ballard (Alanis Morissette, No Doubt), is #8 on Billboard 's Modern Rock chart. Tickets for the first leg of the Dave Matthews Band tour go on sale March 10. Dave Matthews Band tour dates:4/21 - Charlottesville, VA @ Scott Stadium4/28-29 - Raleigh, NC @ Alltel Pavilion at Walnut Creek5/1 - Charlotte, NC @ Verizon Wireless Amphitheater5/2 - Greenville, SC @ Bi-Lo Center5/5 - New Orleans, LA @ The Jazz and Heritage Festival5/8 - Knoxville, TN @ Thompson Boling Arena5/9 - Pelham, AL @ Oak Mountain Amphitheater5/11 - Woodlands, TX @ Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion5/15 - Phoenix, AZ @ Desert Sky Pavilion With Macy Gray:5/18 - San Francisco, CA @ Pac Bell Park5/22 - Los Angeles, CA @ Dodger Stadium5/26-27 - Las Vegas, NV @ Sam Boyd Stadium6/3 - Detroit, MI @ Comerica Park6/6 - Atlanta, GA @ Turner Field6/9 - Washington, DC @RFK Stadium6/11 - East Rutherford, NJ @ Giants Stadium6/16 - Foxboro, MA @ Foxboro Stadium6/20 - Buffalo, NY @ Ralph Wilson Stadium6/22 - Philadelphia, PA @ TBA7/6 - Chicago, IL @ Soldier Field7/11 - Boulder, CO @ Folsom Field7/15 - Dallas, TX @ Texas Stadium Music Dave Matthews Band Macy Gray 
It's not really correct to say they only interfere when the wavelengths are similar. Whenever we discuss interference the correct thing to do is add the (time varying) fields from each wave. Really, the term 'interference' just refers to the vector addition of the fields associated with a wave. That is to say, regardless of the wavelength the electric fields will add and subtract vectorially. The pattern that arises as a result may be dim or chaotic or less intense or have a short temporal beatnote etc, depending on the properties of the interfering fields, but in principle interference occurs between all EM waves regardless of their frequencies
What is Beef Tongue? Beef tongue is the tongue of a cow sold as meat for human consumption. Several ethnic cuisines, including those of Mexico and Germany as well as traditional Jewish cookery, make liberal use of tongue in various traditional dishes and recipes. The calorie count for beef tongue is 241 calories per 3-ounce (85-g) portion, with most of its calories coming from fat. Preparation of tongue varies, but often includes boiling and then skinning the tongue before slicing it and then adding it to different dishes.
In cities other than Rome, the name cardinal began to be applied to certain church men as a mark of honour. The earliest example of this occurs in a letter sent by Pope Zacharias in 747 to Pippin III (the Short), ruler of the Franks, in which Zacharias applied the title to the priests of Paris to distinguish them from country clergy. This meaning of the word spread rapidly, and from the 9th century various episcopal cities had a special class among the clergy known as cardinals. The use of the title was reserved for the cardinals of Rome in 1567 by Pius V.
Egyptians knew how to write. They pyramids literally say: "(insert important guy) is buried here".
You pay taxes on capital gains when you realize your gains by selling the investment property.  Also, in the US, taxes on capital gains are computed at special rates depending on your current income level, and so when you realize your gains two years from now, you will pay taxes on the gains at the special rate then applicable to your income level for the year of sale. Remember also that the US Congress  can change the tax laws at any time between now and the time you sell your stocks, and so the rates you are looking at now may have changed too.
Ladyfinger (biscuit) Ladyfinger (biscuit) Ladyfingers, sometimes known by their original Italian name savoiardi, or as sponge fingers in British English, are low density, dry, egg-based, sweet sponge biscuits roughly shaped like a large finger. They are a principal ingredient in many dessert recipes, such as trifles and charlottes, and are also used as fruit or chocolate gateau linings, and sometimes for the sponge element of tiramisu. They are typically soaked in a sugar syrup or liqueur, or in coffee or espresso for the dessert tiramisu. Plain ladyfingers are commonly given to infants, being soft enough for teething mouths, but easy to grasp
- Confidence votes 6.7K. It would depend on the size of your kettle. Kettle comes in sizes of 0.75 L, 1.0 L, 1.5 L, 2.0 L, 3.0 L, 4.0 L, 6.0 L, 8.0 L, 10.0 L. Average is around 1.5 litres.his is equal to about 1.3 x 1021 (1.3 billion trillion) liters of water of all kinds, including ice in ice sheets and glaciers. Of that, liquid fresh water is only about 0.6% of the total.
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
How High Should a Bar Stool Be? The Ideal Height. The ideal bar stool should be approximately 28 to 30 inches high to match the 42 to 48 inches standard bar height.
Systems of Linear Equations A Linear Equation is an equation for a line. A System of Equations is when we have two or more equations working together.
- Provide a few details about your project and receive competitive quotes from local pros. On average, water heater replacement or installation costs $885, with most homeowners spending between $668 and $1,102. This data is based on actual project costs as reported by HomeAdvisor members.Hot water is an essential part of modern life, a necessity rather than a luxury.rovide a few details about your project and receive competitive quotes from local pros. On average, water heater replacement or installation costs $885, with most homeowners spending between $668 and $1,102. This data is based on actual project costs as reported by HomeAdvisor members.
Stardust (2007 film) Stardust ( 2007 ) is a film adaptation of the 1999 Neil Gaiman novel of the same name , Stardust . The romantic fantasy adventure film was directed by Matthew Vaughn and co-written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman . The film features an ensemble cast led by Claire Danes , Charlie Cox , Sienna Miller , Jason Flemyng , Mark Strong , Rupert Everett , Ricky Gervais , Robert De Niro , Michelle Pfeiffer and Peter O'Toole , with narration by Ian McKellen .   The film follows Tristan , a young man from the fictional town of Wall . Wall is a town on the border of the magical fantasy kingdom of Stormhold . Tristan enters the magical world to collect a fallen star to give to his girlfriend Victoria , in return for her hand in marriage . He collects the star who , to his surprise , is a woman named Yvaine . Witches and the Princes of Stormhold are also hunting for Yvaine . Meanwhile Tristan tries to get her back to Wall with him before Victoria 's birthday , the deadline of her offer .   The film was released to positive reviews and grossed $ 135.6 million on a $ 70 million budget . In 2008 , it won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form . Stardust was released on DVD , Blu-ray , and HD DVD on December 18 , 2007 , by Paramount Home Entertainment .
Midtown station (MARTA) Midtown is an underground metro station in Atlanta, Georgia, serving the Red and Gold lines of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) rail system. Located in Midtown Atlanta, 5,644 daily fares were collected at the gates as of 2013. One Zipcar vehicle is parked at the station.
The price of shelter is included in the CPI, and makes up 33% of it (although a small amount of that is for hotels, not long-term shelter).  For renters, it is pretty straight-forward. They count the rent. For home owners, they count the "owners equivalent rent", that is, how much it would cost to rent a place equivalent to the one you own.
What is the Hulk weakness?
Latin evolved into the other romance languages (French, Spanish, Italian, etc). So in that respect it had the same the fate of almost all human languages, which is that they evolve over time into new languages.  But second, Latin was also *kept alive* in its original form. This is a lot more rare, and only happens to languages that are especially prominent for some reason (in Latin's case, as the language of learning and religion for much of Western Europe). So you get this weird dichotomy where the language still exists (classical Latin), but nobody speaks it - instead they speak its children and derivatives.
The two most common personality types amongst comedians/naturally funny people are ENFP and ENTP. These two types, like all NPs, overanalyze everything and spend a lot of time in deep contemplation. This contemplation includes, especially for ENTPs, dwelling upon the meaninglessness of existence. This, combined with the fact that these two types are the most erratic and free-spirited in a world that demands order and structure, is why they can often become depressed and commit suicide.
What is GHz? Gigahertz, generally abbreviated GHz, refers to frequencies in the billions of cycles per second range. Giga is the standard multiplier for 1 billion, and Hertz is the standard unit for measuring frequencies, expressed as cycles or occurrences per second. One GHz is equivalent to 1,000 megahertz ( MHz ). Most commonly, gigahertz is used when discussing computer performance or radio frequencies. In computers, it most often refers to the clock speed of the central processing unit ( CPU ); the faster the CPU clock can tick, the faster, in general, the computer can process data and instructions. In 2000, Intel and Advanced Micro Devices achieved a marketing and technical milestone by releasing the first CPUs to run at 1 GHz, and speeds have increased considerably since then. In radio communications, GHz is used to define bands of the electromagnetic spectrum, with different bands assigned different uses. S-Band, for example, is a band of spectrum between 2 and 4 GHz. Common technologies such as Bluetooth®, wireless internet (Wi Fi™), and cordless telephones operate in the S-Band. L-Band, between 1 and 2 GHz, is used for satellite communications and Global Positioning Systems, or GPS. Other notable bands include Ku and Ka, used by satellites as well as by police radar guns. Devices transmitting at or near the same band can interfere with each other. This is caused by the wave-like nature of radio waves; peaks in one wave can be offset by lows in the other wave, thereby nullifying both waves. The closer in frequency the two signals, the more pronounced the effect. Microwave ovens, for example, can interfere with Internet connections because they emit radiation at the same frequency as that used by Wi Fi™ routers. Similarly, Bluetooth® and Wi Fi™ compete for the same frequencies, and using them concurrently can affect throughput. The use of GHz frequencies for communications was made possible by advances in semiconductor technologies. Prior to the widespread use of transistors and high-speed electronics, it was not practical to generate such high frequencies. Ad 
"A man said to the Universe, 'Sir, I exist!' 'However,' replied the Universe, 'This fact has not instilled in me a sense of obligation!' "

--Anonymous
Muscle tissue has a [higher resting metabolic rate](_URL_1_) than fat, so you will generate more heat when you have [more muscle mass](_URL_0_)*. In addition, the training required to maintain a very muscular physique would also raise your basic metabolic rate. However, fat is an excellent insulator, which means that you will be better able to retain the body heat that is produced, which is (one of the reasons) why [hibernating animals put on fat](_URL_2_), rather than muscle.  *Liver, brain, heart and kidneys have a much, much higher metabolic rate per pound of tissue than either fat or muscle (at rest).
- Anemia occurs in acute and chronic renal failure. The anemia is usually normocytic but may be microcytic. In renal failure, anemia occurs in part because uremic metabolites decrease the lifespan of circulating red blood cells and reduce erythropoiesis.
Why does some text not render correctly?
Armpit Rash Armpit Rash. Armpit rash refers to the occurrence of a rash in the armpits. Even though an armpit rash causes some discomfort and can be caused due to several reasons, it generally isn’t a cause for concern. The armpit is a moist, dark region and a great place for bacteria and other pathogens to thrive.
A scratch perpendicular to the direction that the laser reads isn't so bad, but a scratch along the same direction that the laser reads makes it more likely to get a read error. That's why they tell you to clean them radially.
There's a great deal of research on the subject!  [Here's](_URL_1_) a 2008 review of the topic - it's a pdf so be forewarned! If you ever want more scholarly articles on a topic, don't be afraid to [use google scholar](_URL_0_)!
The purpose of television is not to entertain...it is to sell ads. The TV schedule is a big chess game where you try to place the right show in the right time slot to make as much money as possible. You only have so many episodes, so you have to spend them wisely. Some weeks historically have fewer viewers than others. Sometimes non-regular events, like sports change the game. And sometimes they use an older, established show's time slot to try to break in a new show. And sometimes an actor is in rehab.  It's a big chess game, and a lot of time why the players make the moves they do won't be readily apparent.
List of amendments to the United States Constitution Twenty-seven of these, having been ratified by the requisite number of states, are part of the Constitution. The first ten amendments were adopted and ratified simultaneously and are known collectively as the Bill of Rights.
Term: FLOOR Term: FLOOR. Definition: The FLOOR function rounds a number down to the next higher integer. If number is already rounded, it simply returns the number unchanged. Example Syntax: 1  Oracle Numeric Functions: FLOOR.erm: FLOOR Definition: The FLOOR function rounds a number down to the next higher integer. If number is already rounded, it simply returns the number unchanged.
Websites for Buying and Selling Used Baby Items With every spring comes spring cleaning, and with every spring cleaning comes an opportunity to de-clutter and rid your home of things you simply don’t use anymore. For many of us, a lot of these “things” are baby-related, whether they’re adorable onesies, baby toys or that Exersaucer that entertained your baby so nicely when you just needed 20 minutes to get something done. There are a several websites geared towards parents who want to get rid of their stuff, but don’t want to deal with e Bay and don’t trust selling on Craigslist. These sites are more intimate and are parent-friendly services that cater specifically to this niche audience. If you are looking to sell (or buy) used baby gear, clothes, accessories and more, here are some good sites to start with: Stork Brokers This site just launched last month, and is a place for parents to used baby equipment and clothes. In addition to being an online marketplace, it's touting itself as a community for parents to gather and discuss anything and everything related to parenting. There is a "Learn: How to Grow as a Parent" section which features blog posts and insights on subjects like child safety and raising children on a budget. As for the commerce part of the site, you can immediately begin buying and selling gear after you register for a free account. Selling requires uploading a picture, description of the item and price. There are several categories to choose from including Learning, Health & Hygiene, Clothing and more, but since it just recently launched, there aren’t many products featured in each. As the site continues to gain more visibility and members, I'm sure more inventory will be added.thred UPthred UP is a site geared primarily for kids clothing and is designed to essentially be an online clothing swap. When selling, members build “boxes” of used gear, which means stuffing as many items of clothing as possible into a medium flat-rate USPS box as possible (15, give or take, according to the founder) and then describing the contents of the box on the site. If you want to buy, you simply look through the descriptions of the boxes on the site and select whichever fits your particular needs. You simply pay a $5 service fee and $10.95 shipping fee to have it sent to you, and in exchange, are asked to post a box of your own stuff on the site.thred UP provides 10 prepaid USPS boxes with every new account, so that the process is easier for you. No pictures are included of the items, which makes it a little more difficult to make a decision, but thred UP upholds a high quality of standard for its process and requires members to follow the golden rule to “send only what you’d be willing to receive.” Basic membership is free, but they also offer a PRO membership for $29.99/year which includes features like first dibs on boxes and access to boxes of new, boutique clothing. Swap Baby Goods Swap Baby Goods is a site that lets you trade in used baby clothes and gear or simply sell it online. You have to register for a free account and then you can list clothes, gear, equipment, bedding, etc. that you want to swap for items in similar value, or simply want to sell. If you are looking to buy, you can peruse the numerous categories on the site and see if the seller would rather take payment for the item or swap it with something else that you’re willing to part with. Since spring has officially sprung, maybe it’s time to give that basement a good cleanout. If you have a question for Screen Play or would like to submit a product for consideration, please contact Lets Plug In@gmail.com. 
Is there a difference between "interdisciplinary" and "multidisciplinary" research? Going off of definitions on Google, it seems that interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary mean the same thing: relating to more than one academic discipline/branch of knowledge.

Is there a subtle difference between the two, in the context of academic research?
Snake This article is about the animal. For other uses, see Snake (disambiguation). Snakes Temporal range: Late Cretaceous – Present, [1] 94–0 Ma PreЄ Є O S D C P T J K Pg NScientific classification Kingdom: Animalia Phylum: Chordata Class: Reptilia Order: Squamata Clade: Ophidia Suborder: Serpentes Linnaeus, 1758Infraorders Alethinophidia Nopcsa, 1923Scolecophidia Cope, 1864Approximate world distribution of snakes, all species Snakes are elongated, legless, carnivorous reptiles of the suborder Serpentes. [2] Like all squamates, snakes are ectothermic, amniote vertebrates covered in overlapping scales. Many species of snakes have skulls with several more joints than their lizard ancestors, enabling them to swallow prey much larger than their heads with their highly mobile jaws. To accommodate their narrow bodies, snakes' paired organs (such as kidneys) appear one in front of the other instead of side by side, and most have only one functional lung. Some species retain a pelvic girdle with a pair of vestigial claws on either side of the cloaca. Lizards have evolved elongate bodies without limbs or with greatly reduced limbs about twenty five times independently via convergent evolution, leading to many lineages of legless lizards. [3] Legless lizards resemble snakes, but several common groups of legless lizards have eyelids and external ears, which snakes lack, although this rule is not universal (see Amphisbaenia, Dibamidae, and Pygopodidae ). Living snakes are found on every continent except Antarctica, and on most smaller land masses; exceptions include some large islands, such as Ireland, Iceland, Greenland, the Hawaiian archipelago, and the islands of New Zealand, and many small islands of the Atlantic and central Pacific oceans. [4] Additionally, sea snakes are widespread throughout the Indian and Pacific Oceans. More than 20 families are currently recognized, comprising about 520 genera and about 3,600 species. [5] [6] They range in size from the tiny, 10.4 cm (4.1 in)-long thread snake [7] to the reticulated python of 6.95 meters (22.8 ft) in length. [8] The fossil species Titanoboa cerrejonensis was 12.8 meters (42 ft) long. [9] Snakes are thought to have evolved from either burrowing or aquatic lizards, perhaps during the Jurassic period, with the earliest known fossils dating to between 143 and 167 Ma ago. [10] The diversity of modern snakes appeared during the Paleocene period ( c 66 to 56 Ma ago). The oldest preserved descriptions of snakes can be found in the Brooklyn Papyrus. Most species are nonvenomous and those that have venom use it primarily to kill and subdue prey rather than for self-defense. Some possess venom potent enough to cause painful injury or death to humans. Nonvenomous snakes either swallow prey alive or kill by constriction. Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology2 Evolution2.1 Origins3 Distribution4 Taxonomy4.1 Families4.2 Legless lizards5 Biology5.1 Size5.2 Perception5.3 Skin5.3.1 Molting5.4 Skeleton5.5 Internal organs5.6 Venom5.7 Reproduction5.8 Facultative parthenogenesis6 Behavior6.1 Winter dormancy6.2 Feeding and diet6.3 Locomotion6.3.1 Lateral undulation6.3.2 Sidewinding6.3.3 Concertina6.3.4 Arboreal6.3.5 Rectilinear7 Interactions with humans7.1 Bite7.2 Snake charmers7.3 Trapping7.4 Consumption7.5 Pets7.6 Symbolism7.7 Religion7.8 Medicine8 See also9 References10 Further reading11 External links Etymology The English word snake comes from Old English snaca, itself from Proto-Germanic *snak-an- (cf. Germanic Schnake "ring snake", Swedish snok "grass snake"), from Proto-Indo-European root * (s)nēg-o- "to crawl", "to creep", which also gave sneak as well as Sanskrit nāgá "snake". [11] The word ousted adder, as adder went on to narrow in meaning, though in Old English næddre was the general word for snake. [12] The other term, serpent, is from French, ultimately from Indo-European *serp- (to creep), [13] which also gave Ancient Greek hérpō (ἕρπω) "I crawl". Evolution A phylogenetic overview of the extant groups Modern snakes Scolecophidia Leptotyphlopidae Anomalepididae Typhlopidae Alethinophidia 
Between 1863 and 1880 England, Scotland, Wales and Ireland created their own individual football associations with separate leagues. Because this was before big organised international competitions (even before the modern Olympics was started) they have ended up with separate international teams, one for each association.
Metamoris Metamoris is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu promotion, founded by Ralek Gracie, that organizes events in Los Angeles, California. Live events of Metamoris are broadcast via internet pay-per-view around the world and via premium TV at Canal Combate in Brazil.
Home Appraisal The mortgage lender will order the appraisal either directly from an appraiser, most of whom are independent contractors, or through appraisal management companies, which act as a sort of outsourced appraisal department for the lender. On average, the cost of a home appraisal on a single-family home ranges between $300 and $400. The price for an appraisal on a multi-family building starts around $600, but can increase depending on the size of the property.
How to make your own lactose-free milk for $2.67 per gallon How to make your own lactose-free milk for $2.67 per gallon Okay, that is a cruel teaser as many of you may not be able to purchase normal milk for less than $3.00 per gallon. Around here it varies from just under $1.90 on sale up to $2.50. Lately it has been about $2.00. The cost to convert the gallon to lactose-free milk is only $0.67 per gallon. If you want to know how to do this right now and don’t care for a lot of details click here and scroll down to the section, “ How to make your own lactose-free milk. ”Over the last decade my husband Joshua has realized that he is lactose intolerant. At first we didn’t know why he was having digestive issues (he denied even having a problem!) but over a period of time we began to realize his cramping and other symptoms were typically after consuming milk. After some experimentation we determined that when Joshua would forgo the consumption of milk products containing lactose the symptoms went away. Joshua tried some of the lactase pills, both the daily and meal-time solutions, with unfavorable results. Due to the cost of lactose-free milk, Joshua decided to avoid consuming milk in general and when indulging ice cream to buy the Breyer’s brand lactose-free ice cream. This worked for a while, but over the years we began including more milk products into our diet and we began buying lactose-free milk -- especially as Joshua started enjoying a homemade mocha frappuccino most mornings!Our food budget cried. While it was nice for Joshua to re-introduce milk into his diet, lactose-free milk is about $8-$9 per gallon in our area. This is compared to $2 per gallon for normal milk! The 4-fold mark up is ridiculous!Leave it to my husband: he started researching a way to make his own lactose-free milk!The following is some background information on lactose, lactose intolerance, and the lactase enzyme. Note: Statistics for the following were obtained from the Wikipedia’s article on lactose intolerance. Please consult that article or a trusted resource for a fuller overview of lactose intolerance. What is Lactose? Sugars are the basic building blocks to starches and carbohydrates. Familiar sugars include sucrose (common table sugar), fructose, and glucose as well as sugar alcohols like sorbitol and xylitol. Lactose is another common sugar and is often called “milk sugar” because it is most often found in milk products. Cow and goat milk are about 5% lactose whereas human milk is about 9% lactose. Fermented products like yogurt, kefir, and some aged cheeses have significantly less lactose than milk has. What is Lactose Intolerance? Before discussing lactose intolerance it is helpful to understand how the body usually processes lactose sugars. When a person ingests dairy products the dairy enters the stomach and small intestine. It is here where the body releases the lactase enzyme that breaks the lactose sugars down and they are absorbed into the blood stream for utilization. Lactose intolerance is the inability to properly digest lactose. This intolerance is due to the lack of sufficient amounts of the lactase enzyme in the digestive track to break down the lactose sugars in the small intestine. The undigested lactose sugars pass into the colon where the natural bacteria digest these sugars which causes the symptoms associated with lactose intolerance. Lactose intolerance is an interesting condition because it becomes more common as people age. Scientist believe it is a “weaning” mechanism where the body gradually stops producing lactase as a person’s diet changes from milk to solids. In some countries lactose intolerance is very rare (5%) among adults while in others it affects over 90% of adults. It is worth noting that lactose intolerance is not equivalent to a milk allergy where the body’s immune system reacts to the milk proteins. How does Lactase help? Someone who is lactose intolerance is unable to produce enough, if any, lactase by themselves. The introduction of the lactase enzyme into foods prior to consumption or at the t
Get information about recipes.
The Probate Process The living trust is often marketed as a vehicle that allows you to avoid probate upon your death. Probate is the court-supervised process of administering your estate and transferring your property at death pursuant to the terms of your will. Probate is rarely the calamity naysayers claim.
Memorial Day From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other uses, see Memorial Day (disambiguation). "Decoration Day" redirects here. For other uses, see Decoration Day (disambiguation). Memorial Day The gravestones at Arlington National Cemetery are decorated by U. S. flags on Memorial Day weekend in 2008. Official name Memorial Day Observed by United States Type National Observances Remembrance of American soldiers who have died in military service Date Last Monday in May2017 date May 292018 date May 282019 date May 272020 date May 25Frequency Annual Memorial Day or Decoration Day is a federal holiday in the United States for remembering the people who died while serving in the country's armed forces. [1] The holiday, which is currently observed every year on the last Monday of May, will be held on May 28, 2018. The holiday was held on May 30 from 1868 to 1970. [2] It marks the start of the unofficial summer vacation season, [3] while Labor Day marks its end. The holiday, from latest to earliest, is slightly more likely to fall on May 30, May 28 or May 25 (58 in 400 years each) than on May 27 or May 26 (57), and slightly less likely to occur on May 31 or May 29 (56). Many people visit cemeteries and memorials, particularly to honor those who have died in military service. Many volunteers place an American flag on each grave in national cemeteries. Memorial Day is not to be confused with Veterans Day – Memorial Day is a day of remembering the men and women who died while serving, whereas Veterans Day celebrates the service of all U. S. military veterans. [4]Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 In the North1.2 In the South1.3 At Gettysburg2 Name and date3 20th century3.1 Poppies4 As civil religious holiday5 In film, literature, and music5.1 Films5.2 Music5.3 Poetry6 Observance dates (1971–present)7 See also8 References9 Further reading10 External links History [ edit]1870 Decoration Day parade in St. Paul, Minnesota The practice of decorating soldiers' graves with flowers is an ancient custom. [5] Soldiers' graves were decorated in the U. S. before [6] and during the American Civil War. Some believe that an annual cemetery decoration practice began before the American Civil War and thus may reflect the real origin of the "memorial day" idea. [7] Annual Decoration Days for particular cemeteries are still held on a Sunday in late spring or early summer in some rural areas of the American South, notably in the mountain areas. In cases involving a family graveyard where remote ancestors as well as those who were deceased more recently are buried, this may take on the character of an extended family reunion to which some people travel hundreds of miles. People gather, put flowers on graves and renew contacts with relatives and others. There often is a religious service and a picnic-like "dinner on the grounds," the traditional term for a potluck meal at a church. [7]On June 3, 1861, Warrenton, Virginia was the location of the first Civil War soldier's grave ever to be decorated, according to a Richmond Times-Dispatch newspaper article in 1906. [8] In 1862, women in Savannah, Georgia decorated Confederate soldiers' graves according to the Savannah Republican. [9] The 1863 cemetery dedication at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, was a ceremony of commemoration at the graves of dead soldiers. On July 4, 1864, ladies decorated soldiers' graves according to local historians in Boalsburg, Pennsylvania. [10] and Boalsburg promotes itself as the birthplace of Memorial Day. [11]In April 1865, following President Abraham Lincoln's assassination, commemorations were ubiquitous. The more than 600,000 soldiers of both sides who died in the Civil War meant that burial and memorialization took on new cultural significance. Under the leadership of women during the war, an increasingly formal practice of decorating graves had taken shape. In 1865, the federal government began creating national military cemeteries for the Union war dead. [12]A decoration day observance on May 1, 1865, in Charleston, South Carolina led historian David W. Bli
How Many Semesters in One College Year? Education Colleges & Universities Q: How Many Semesters in One College Year? A: Quick Answer A traditional year of college has two semesters, each of which encompasses half the school year. In a semester arrangement, students attend classes for approximately 15 weeks during the fall semester, and then return for 15 weeks in the spring after a winter break. Continue Reading Keep Learning How Many Semesters Are in a School Year? How Hard Is It to Get Into Medical School? How Long Does It Take to Become a X-Ray Technician? Full Answer Some colleges have a modified semester system in which students also take interim courses during May and January. A college also may operate on a trimester or quarterly academic structure as well. A trimester means the academic year is divided into three equal periods rather than two. A quarter system divides the year into four equal terms, with the traditional school year from fall to spring occurring during three of those quarters. Learn more about Colleges & Universities Sources: youngadults.about.com en.wikipedia.org Related Questions Q: How Many Students Apply to College Each Year? A: More than 20 million students apply to colleges each year, with about 21 million students attending American colleges and universities in the fall of 2014.... Full Answer >Filed Under: Colleges & Universities Q: How Much Does the Average College Student Spend? A: According to the College Board, in-state tuition and fees for a public, four-year college student averages $8,655 per year. Out-of-state students who atten... Full Answer >Filed Under: Colleges & Universities Q: What Are Some of the Programs at Hennepin Technical College? A: Hennepin Technical College offers associate degree programs in Landscaping and Groundskeeping, Accounting, Audiovisual Communications Technologies/Technici... Full Answer >Filed Under: Colleges & Universities Q: What Are Some Important Features for a College Student Planner? A: Important features for a physical college student planner are pages with plenty of space to make notes and a calendar that at least eclipses the months of ... Full Answer >Filed Under: Colleges & Universities You May Also Like Q: What Are Some Schools That Offer Locksmith Degrees? Q: What Are Some Key Elements of the Penn State University Admissions Policy? Q: What Does Ph. D. Stand For? Q: What Constitutes Full-Time Education? Q: What Is Some Information on ASRT Continuing Education? Q: How Do You Find Out Your Student ID Number? 
For pancakes and muffins especially, they come out better when they haven't been over-stirred. However, you still don't want a clump of baking powder or a clump of butter in one place, so it's recommended to thoroughly mix the wet and thoroughly mix the dry to even things out, but not over-stir the two together, to prevent toughness.  That said, I almost always throw everything in one bowl together, mixing the wet stuff first and then pouring in all the dry before stirring.
Roosevelt Boulevard and the Roosevelt Expressway (U.S. 1) connect Northeast Philadelphia with Center City. Woodhaven Road (Route 63), built in 1966, and Cottman Avenue (Route 73) serve the neighborhoods of Northeast Philadelphia, running between Interstate 95 and the Roosevelt Boulevard (U.S. 1). The Fort Washington Expressway (Route 309) extends north from the city's northern border, serving Montgomery County and Bucks County. U.S. 30, extending east-west from West Philadelphia to Lancaster, is known as Lancaster Avenue throughout most of the city and through the adjacent Main Line suburbs.
The Calling The Calling was an American rock band from Los Angeles, California, best known for its hit single, "Wherever You Will Go". The group formed in 1999 and released two albums, "Camino Palmero" and "Two", before breaking up 2005. Lead singer Alex Band reformed The Calling in 2013 with a new lineup that performed a few concerts before permanently breaking up.
MÃ©niÃ¨re's Disease Ménière’s disease does not have a cure yet, but your doctor might recommend some of the treatments below to help you cope with the condition. Medications. The most disabling symptom of an attack of Ménière’s disease is dizziness. Prescription drugs such as meclizine, diazepam, glycopyrrolate, and lorazepam can help relieve dizziness and shorten the attack. Salt restriction and diuretics.
Nocturnal Animals Nocturnal Animals Nocturnal Animals is a 2016 American neo-noir psychological thriller film written, produced and directed by Tom Ford, based on the 1993 novel "Tony and Susan" by Austin Wright. The film stars Amy Adams, Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Shannon, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Isla Fisher, Armie Hammer, Laura Linney, Andrea Riseborough, Karl Glusman, and Michael Sheen. The plot follows a divorced art gallery owner as she reads the new novel written by her ex-husband and begins to see the similarities between it and their former relationship. Principal photography began on October 5, 2015, in Los Angeles. The film premiered at the 73rd
Company sergeant major This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2017) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Two Bermuda Regiment warrant officers, class two. A Territorial Army company has two WO2s. On the left is a permanent staff instructor. On the right with a pace-stick, is a company sergeant major. The company sergeant major ( CSM) is the senior non-commissioned soldier of a company in the armies of many Commonwealth countries, responsible for administration, standards and discipline. In combat, his prime responsibility is the supply of ammunition to the company. He also oversees the distribution of other supplies, such as water or food, although that responsibility is mainly that of the company quartermaster sergeant (CQMS), and evacuating the wounded and collecting prisoners of war. [ citation needed]For military units of the same level as a company, the equivalent may be squadron sergeant major ( SSM) or battery sergeant major ( BSM ). In the Household Cavalry, squadron corporal major ( SCM) is the equivalent. First sergeant and Kompaniefeldwebel (formerly Hauptfeldwebel in the Wehrmacht and Nationale Volksarmee) are the United States Army and German Heer equivalents respectively. Contents [ hide ]1 Canada2 Singapore3 United Kingdom4 Footnotes Canada [ edit]In the Canadian Forces, the CSM appointment is normally held by a master warrant officer. The appointment is sometimes held by a warrant officer, responsible for a smaller number of personnel. In the Canadian Forces, the SSM/BSM/CSM is referred to as "Sir/Ma'am" by subordinates, or as "Sergeant Major". Superiors refer to him/her generally as "Sergeant Major" or "CSM". If the position is held by a warrant officer, subordinates address the CSM as "Warrant". Singapore [ edit]In the Singapore Armed Forces, the CSM appointment is usually held by a staff sergeant, master sergeant (the usual rank for a CSM of a non-HQ company) [ dubious – discuss] or second warrant officer (the usual rank for a CSM of a battalion HQ company). He may be addressed as "CSM" by superiors, and as "Sergeant Major" (for a staff sergeant or master sergeant) or "Sir" (for a second warrant officer) by subordinates. The CSM is often respectfully addressed by all as "Encik", Malay for "Mister", but the permission for junior enlisted men to do so should not be taken for granted. Training schools sometimes refer to companies as "wings"; instead of a CSM, the wing has a wing sergeant major. In the case of the Officer Cadet School, WSMs are second or first warrant officers, likely due to the greater experience required for the appointment. The CSM is the senior specialist in the company. He is in charge of the welfare and discipline of the specialists and enlisted men within, and usually has the company commander's ear. Drill and ceremonies is the CSM's responsibility. He supervises the instruction of drill by the platoon sergeants, and will conduct company rehearsals for parades prior to actual parade rehearsals. On the parade square, the CSM carries a black pace stick. As an experienced senior specialist, the CSM is expected to be an expert in the weapons and equipment employed by the company, and will assist in instruction where necessary. During exercises or operations, the CSM, aided by the company quartermaster sergeant and company medic, is in charge of organizing the company's logistics, manpower, and medical treatment and evacuation. If necessary, he can be tasked to lead a detachment composed of recoilless rifles and machine guns (known in Singapore military doctrine as a "company block force"), to protect the rifle company from flanking attacks by enemy light armoured vehicles along a contested axis. United Kingdom [ edit]In the United Kingdom, CSM is an appointment held by warrant officers class 2 in the British Army and Royal Marines (and previously by quartermaster sergeants in the Royal Marines. [ citation needed]) [1]By 1913,
How could I be a great business developer?
sales cycle The sales cycle is the sequence of phases that a typical customer goes through when deciding to buy something. As a rule, the sales cycle is described from the customer's perspective. The first phase of the sales cycle may be either the customer's perception of a product, or a perception of a need that the product might satisfy. The following steps include research and evaluation; the last step is the customer's decision to purchase the product. Download this free guide Exclusive guide: Einstein AI Drills Deeper into Salesforce Clouds In this vendor-neutral guide explore how Salesforce and its AI platform, Einstein, are slated to extend the software’s existing CRM functionality. Corporate E-mail Address: By submitting your personal information, you agree that Tech Target and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. 
Lloyd Avery II Lloyd Avery II Lloyd Avery II (June 21, 1974 – September 4, 2005) was an American actor. He was best known for his character in John Singleton's Oscar-nominated film "Boyz n the Hood" (1991), as the triggerman who murdered high school football star Ricky Baker and was later killed in retaliation. Born in Los Angeles, California, Avery grew up in View Park where he attended Beverly Hills High School. Shortly after his film debut in "Boyz n the Hood", he landed a short stint on the hit television series "Doogie Howser, M.D.". Singleton would cast Avery once again in his
Memory management From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Memory allocation" redirects here. For memory allocation in the brain, see Neuronal memory allocation. This article is about memory management at the application level. For memory management at the operating system level, see Memory management (operating systems). This article includes a list of references, but its sources remain unclear because it has insufficient inline citations. Please help to improve this article by introducing more precise citations. (April 2014) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Operating systems Common features Process management Interrupts Memory management File system Device drivers Networking Security I/Ov t e Memory management is a form of resource management applied to computer memory. The essential requirement of memory management is to provide ways to dynamically allocate portions of memory to programs at their request, and free it for reuse when no longer needed. This is critical to any advanced computer system where more than a single process might be underway at any time. [1]Several methods have been devised that increase the effectiveness of memory management. Virtual memory systems separate the memory addresses used by a process from actual physical addresses, allowing separation of processes and increasing the size of the virtual address space beyond the available amount of RAM using paging or swapping to secondary storage. The quality of the virtual memory manager can have an extensive effect on overall system performance. Contents [ hide ]1 Details1.1 Dynamic memory allocation1.1.1 Efficiency1.1.2 Implementations1.1.2.1 Fixed-size blocks allocation1.1.2.2 Buddy blocks1.1.2.3 Slab allocation1.1.2.4 Stack allocation1.2 Automatic variables1.2.1 Garbage collection2 Systems with virtual memory3 See also4 Notes5 Notes6 References7 Further reading8 External links Details [ edit]This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (November 2016)Application-level memory management is generally categorized as either automatic memory management, usually involving garbage collection, or manual memory management. Dynamic memory allocation [ edit]An example of external fragmentation See also: C dynamic memory allocation The task of fulfilling an allocation request consists of locating a block of unused memory of sufficient size. Memory requests are satisfied by allocating portions from a large pool of memory called the heap or free store. [a] At any given time, some parts of the heap are in use, while some are "free" (unused) and thus available for future allocations. Several issues complicate the implementation, such as external fragmentation, which arises when there are many small gaps between allocated memory blocks, which invalidates their use for an allocation request. The allocator's metadata can also inflate the size of (individually) small allocations. This is often managed by chunking. The memory management system must track outstanding allocations to ensure that they do not overlap and that no memory is ever "lost" (i.e. that there be no " memory leak "). Efficiency [ edit]The specific dynamic memory allocation algorithm implemented can impact performance significantly. A study conducted in 1994 by Digital Equipment Corporation illustrates the overheads involved for a variety of allocators. The lowest average instruction path length required to allocate a single memory slot was 52 (as measured with an instruction level profiler on a variety of software). [2]Implementations [ edit]Since the precise location of the allocation is not known in advance, the memory is accessed indirectly, usually through a pointer reference. The specific algorithm used to organize the memory area and allocate and deallocate chunks is interlinked with the kernel, and may use any of the following methods: Fixed-size blocks allocation [ edit]Main article: Memory pool Fixed-size blocks allocation, also called memory pool allocation, uses a free list of fixed-size blocks of memory (often all of the same size). This
. Wildfires What is a wildfire? A wildfire also known as a wildland fire, forest fire, vegetation fire, grass fire, peat fire, bushfire (in Australia), or hill fire is an uncontrolled fire often occurring in wildland areas, but which can also consume houses or agricultural resources. Wildfires often begin unnoticed, but they spread quickly igniting brush, trees and homes. What causes a wildfire? Common causes of wildfires include lightning, human carelessness, arson, volcano eruption, and pyroclastic cloud from active volcano. Heat waves, droughts, and cyclical climate changes such as El Niño can also have a dramatic effect on the risk of wildfires. Although, more than four out of every five wildfires are caused by people. Where can wildfires occur? Wildfires can occur anywhere, but are common in the forested areas of the United States and Canada. They are also susceptible in many places around the world, including much of the vegetated areas of Australia as well as in the Western Cape of South Africa. The climates are sufficiently moist to allow the growth of trees, but feature extended dry, hot periods. Fires are particularly prevalent in the summer and fall, and during droughts when fallen branches, leaves, and other material can dry out and become highly flammable. Wildfires are also common in grasslands and scrublands. What are the Santa Ana winds? The Santa Ana winds are hot, dry winds that aggravate the fire danger in forests and bush lands. These winds characteristically appear in Southern California and Northern Baja California weather during autumn and early winter. In southern California, under the influence of Santa Ana winds, wildfires can move at tremendous speeds, up to 40 miles in a single day, consuming up to 1,000 acres per hour. Dense clouds of burning embers push ahead of the flames crossing firebreaks without a problem. What is a fire tornado? A fire tornado or fire whirl is just a tornado made of fire. It happens when certain conditions (depending on air temperature and currents), acquires a vertical vorticity and forms a whirl, or a tornado-like effect. Fire tornadoes may be whirlwinds separated from the flames, either within the burn area or outside it. A fire tornado can make fires more dangerous. How do firefighters put out the wildfires? Firefighters use a tool known as a pulaski. Its a combination of an ax and hoe used to dig a fireline. A fireline is a strip of land from which all brush and debris have been cleared to rob a wildfire of its fuel. Firefighters also use hotshots and smoke jumpers to clear a large path in a big circle around the fire so the blaze is contained in a ring of dirt. When the fire reaches this area, it runs out of fuel and starves to death. If the fire is too large, however, planes and helicopters fly overhead, dropping water and special chemicals that smother the flames. This pink, fire-retardant chemical is called sky jell-o. Click Here to get the latest wildfire information. Click Here for to get more wildfire information. Click Here to see if there has been any recent wildfire activity across the U. S. Know the Lingo SURFACE FIRES - The most common type of wildfires, surface fires move slowly and burn along the forest floor, killing and damaging vegetation. GROUND FIRES - These are usually started by lightning, ground fires burn on or below the forest floor through the root system. CROWN FIRES - These fires spread by wind moving quickly along the tops of trees. SANTA ANA WINDS - "Santa Ana" is the name given to the gusty northeast or east wind that occurs in Southern California during the fall and winter months. Santa Ana winds are often hot and very dry, greatly aggravating the fire danger in forests and bush lands. CONFLAGRATION - A large and destructive fire, typically aggravated by strong winds that carry firebrands over natural or artificial barriers. Click Here to learn about more wildfire facts!Wildfire Safety Tips BEFORE A WILDFIRE: Have a disaster plan. Know whether you’re in a wildfire prone area. Plant fire resistant shrubs and trees around your home. Ha
EGR Systems & Components For an EGR cooler using only engine coolant as a cooling medium, this temperature will be limited by the engine coolant temperature—usually in the range of 70-90°C. If lower EGR temperatures are required, a second cooler that uses ambient air or a low temperature liquid as a cooling medium would be required.
Negative feedback Negative feedback Negative feedback (or balancing feedback) occurs when some function of the output of a system, process, or mechanism is fed back in a manner that tends to reduce the fluctuations in the output, whether caused by changes in the input or by other disturbances. Whereas positive feedback tends to lead to instability via exponential growth, oscillation or chaotic behavior, negative feedback generally promotes stability. Negative feedback tends to promote a settling to equilibrium, and reduces the effects of perturbations. Negative feedback loops in which just the right amount of correction is applied with optimum timing can be very
Non-religious Umayyad mosaic works were mainly floor panels which decorated the palaces of the caliphs and other high-ranking officials. They were closely modeled after the mosaics of the Roman country villas, once common in the Eastern Mediterranean. The most superb example can be found in the bath house of Hisham's Palace, Palestine which was made around 744. The main panel depicts a large tree and underneath it a lion attacking a deer (right side) and two deers peacefully grazing (left side). The panel probably represents good and bad governance. Mosaics with classical geometric motifs survived in the bath area of the 8th-century Umayyad palace complex in Anjar, Lebanon. The luxurious desert residence of Al-Walid II in Qasr al-Hallabat (in present-day Jordan) was also decorated with floor mosaics that show a high level of technical skill. The best preserved panel at Hallabat is divided by a Tree of Life flanked by "good" animals on one side and "bad" animals on the other. Among the Hallabat representations are vine scrolls, grapes, pomegranates, oryx, wolves, hares, a leopard, pairs of partridges, fish, bulls, ostriches, rabbits, rams, goats, lions and a snake. At Qastal, near Amman, excavations in 2000 uncovered the earliest known Umayyad mosaics in present-day Jordan, dating probably from the caliphate of Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan (685–705). They cover much of the floor of a finely decorated building that probably served as the palace of a local governor. The Qastal mosaics depict geometrical patterns, trees, animals, fruits and rosettes. Except for the open courtyard, entrance and staircases, the floors of the entire palace were covered in mosaics.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Two Years After Hurricane Sandy Hit the U.S., What Lessons Can We Learn From the Deadly Storm? In an era of extreme weather, we have to keep the risk of weather disasters in the front of our minds, author says. Superstorm Sandy batters Atlantic City, New Jersey, on October 29, 2012, as it churns up the East Coast. The final death toll was 147. Next week marks the second anniversary of one of the deadliest hurricanes in U.S history. Superstorm Sandy killed 147 people, left millions without power, and smashed records: lowest barometric pressure of a hurricane to make landfall north of Cape Hatteras, highest storm surge, second costliest hurricane, after Katrina.
To What Political Party Did Abraham Lincoln Belong? Barack Obama is a Democrat. Most people know this. What many people may not know is that the man Mr. Obama looks to for the most political (and now presidential) inspiration and guidance was a…. Republican! That’s right. Barack Obama’s hero, Abraham Lincoln, was a Republican.
Cross-Tested Profit Sharing Plans Cross-Tested Profit Sharing Plans June 18, 2008By Andrea Mc Lane Have you ever wondered what exactly a cross-tested profit sharing plan is? Have you heard someone talk about how wonderful their cross-tested plan is and wonder what they are talking about? Cross-testing is a term used to describe the technique where profit sharing allocations are converted to a projected benefit at retirement to pass nondiscrimination tests. If you are an older owner of a business, and your staff is significantly younger, you may realize cost savings from this plan design. The theory behind the design is this: as an older participant, you have a shorter time before you retire. Your younger staff has a longer time before they retire, therefore a longer time for their money to grow. In most cases, the minimum contribution you would have to provide for your staff is five percent of their compensation. This design feature can be added to a 401 (k) plan. If you already have a profit sharing plan, you can amend your current plan document, prospectively, to take advantage of plan design. Please contact your Rea advisor today if you would like to learn more. This article was originally published in Illuminations: Facts & Figures from people with a brighter way, a Rea & Associates enewsletter, June 18, 2008. Note: This content is accurate as of the date published above and is subject to change. Please seek professional advice before acting on any matter contained in this article. 
1) why are the mountainous region sparsely populated?2) Why are the river valleys thickly populated?3) Life in mountainous region is difficult. Explain.4) Do you think the re-organization of states on the basis of language is justified? Give reasons.5) why do you think that there is seasonal unemployment in villages? Gargi, asked a question Subject: Social Science, asked on 26/10/121) why are the mountainous region sparsely populated?2) Why are the river valleys thickly populated?3) Life in mountainous region is difficult. Explain.4) Do you think the re-organization of states on the basis of language is justified? Give reasons.5) why do you think that there is seasonal unemployment in villages? Share with your friends 9 Follow 0EXPERT ANSWERShushrita Das, Meritnation Expert added an answer, on 31/10/12Due to paucity of time all your queries could not be resolved.1) Mountainous areas are sparsely populated as life is difficult there. The steep topography makes it difficult and expensive to construct houses, build roads and growing vegetation is difficult. The low temperatures also make it difficult for many to live. This conversation is already closed by Expert Was this answer helpful? 14View Full Answer 
11 Causes of a Metallic Taste in the Mouth 11 Causes of a Metallic Taste in the Mouth Having a metallic taste in your mouth is medically known as dysgeusia, or parageusia, and is a common condition that most people will experience at some stage in their lives. A metallic taste in the mouth can have a number of simple causes, ranging from bad oral hygiene to a reaction to certain drugs. Also, as we age, our sense of taste diminishes and many older people complain of having a bad taste in their mouths. In the majority of cases it is not indicative of anything really serious, it could be simply the result of overeating or drinking the night before. However, if it persists and is accompanied by other symptoms, it could indicate a more serious underlying problem such as Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s diseases. If you experience a metallic taste in your mouth that persists for a long period of time, it would be advisable to seek the advice of your medical doctor or health professional.1. Medications By far the most common cause of a metallic taste in the mouth is the side effects of medical drugs. Fortunately the effect is normally temporary and will disappear as soon as you stop the drug. Drugs that can cause a metallic taste in the mouth include certain antibiotics and blood pressure medications. Some drugs prescribed for glaucoma and for osteoporosis can also have this unpleasant side effect. Certain thyroid drugs and bronchodilators used for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and lithium, sometimes prescribed for depression, can all cause a metallic taste in the mouth. Previous Next >> 
Originally, "terrific" meant something bad--it has the same Latin root as "terrible." Only in the late 19th century did it start to become colloquially used as a good word--the same way that something "awesome" is nowadays not awe-inspiring, but very good, or that being "sick" is a good thing to be.
How Many Wins Will it Take to Make the NFL Playoffs? Since 1990, when the NFL went to six teams from each conference making the playoffs, there have been 288 teams that played in the NFL playoffs. Here’s a breakdown of the number of regular season wins by each of those teams. 7 wins: 1 team … Seattle in 2010 (0.4 percent) 8 wins: 10 teams (3.5 percent)
Comparing HTML with difflib
Have you ever walked calmly toward a chicken? Do that, and you'll know.
Your maximum height is determined by genetics and gravity. Everything else will modify bone structure and length, and tend to make you shorter. Gymnastics will frequently make long-term participants shorter as the frequent landings compress the cartilage in their spines. I imagine tackles in american football or rugby can do the same. Bones that are frequently stressed will tend to be denser and stronger, but not necessarily longer. Hard impacts, like in football or gymnastics, can possibly fracture the growth plates, leading to premature cessation of growth for that particular bone. Like everything else, moderation is key to optimal outcomes.
Ganglion cyst From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from Synovial cyst)navigation search Not to be confused with Ganglion (nervous tissue structure). Ganglion cyst Synonyms Ganglia, synovial cyst, [1] Gideon's disease, Olamide's cyst, Bible cyst, Bible bump [2]Cyst on dorsum of left hand close to the wrist Specialty Plastic surgery Symptoms Small soft lump associated with a joint [3]Complications Carpal tunnel syndrome, compression of the radial artery [4]Usual onset 15 to 40 years old [3]Diagnostic method Typically based on signs [4]Differential diagnosis Lipoma, epidermoid inclusion cyst, gout, hemangioma [4]Treatment Watchful waiting, splinting the affected joint, needle aspiration, surgery [3]Prognosis Not serious [3]Frequency ~3 per 10,000 per year (wrist and hand) [5]A ganglion cyst is a fluid filled lump associated with a joint or tendon sheath. [3] They most often occur at the back of the wrist followed by the front of the wrist. [3] [4] Onset is often over months. [4] Typically there are no further symptoms. [3] Occasionally pain or numbness may occur. [3] Complications may include carpal tunnel syndrome. [4]The cause is unknown. [3] The underlying mechanism is believed to involve an outpouching of the synovial membrane. [4] Risk factors include gymnastics. [3] Diagnosis is typically based on examination with light shining through the lesion being supportive. [4] Medical imaging may be done to rule out other potential causes. [3] [4]Treatment options include watchful waiting, splitting the affected joint, needle aspiration, or surgery. [3] About half the times they resolve on their own. [4] About 3 per 10,000 people newly develop ganglion of the wrist or hand a year. [5] They most commonly occur in young and middle aged females. [3] Trying to treat the lesion by hitting it with a book is discouraged. [4]Contents [ hide ]1 Signs and symptoms1.1 Sites2 Cause3 Diagnosis4 Treatment4.1 Complications5 Prognosis6 Etymology7 See also8 References9 External links Signs and symptoms [ edit]The average size of these cysts is 2.0 cm, but excised cysts of more than 5 cm have been reported. [6] The size of the cyst may vary over time and may increase after activity. Sites [ edit]These cysts most frequently occur around the dorsum of the wrist and on the fingers. A common site of occurrence is along the extensor carpi radialis brevis, as it passes over the dorsum of the wrist joint. Although most commonly found in the wrist, ganglion cysts also may occur in the foot. [7]Ganglion cysts are "commonly observed in association with the joints and tendons of the appendicular skeleton, with 88% 'in communication with the multiple small joints of the hand and wrist' and 11% with those of the foot and ankle." [6] They commonly are found near the wrist joint, especially at the scapho-lunate area. [8]In a 2007 study of patients in Glasgow whose foot lumps were being removed surgically, 39 of 101 cases were ganglion cysts. The study replicated earlier findings that no ganglion cysts were found on the sole or heel of the foot; the authors wrote that "Although lumps in these areas may be ganglia, the surgeon should probably consider other diagnoses in the first instance." The researchers also noted a marked preponderance of occurrence among females (85%) and that 11 of the other cases had been misdiagnosed as ganglion cysts before surgery. [9]Ganglion cysts are not limited to the hands and feet. They may occur near the knee, commonly near the cruciate ligaments, but also they may occur at the origins of the gastrocnemius tendon and, anteriorly, on Hoffa's infrapatellar fat pad. [10] At the shoulder, they typically occur at the acromioclavicular joint or along the biceps tendon. [11]From their common origin at a joint or tendon, ganglion cysts may form in a wide range of locations. Rarely, intraosseous ganglion cysts occur, sometimes in combination with a cyst in the overlying soft tissue. [6] [12] Very rare cases of intramuscular ganglion cysts in the gastrocnemius muscle of the calf have been reported. [13] [14] It is possible f
Evidence for Deleterious Antigenic Imprinting in SARS-CoV-2 Immune Response A previous report demonstrated the strong association between the presence of antibodies binding to an epitope region from SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid, termed Ep9, and COVID-19 disease severity. Patients with anti-Ep9 antibodies (Abs) had hallmarks of antigenic imprinting (AIM), including early IgG upregulation and cytokine-associated injury. Thus, the immunological memory of a previous infection was hypothesized to drive formation of suboptimal anti-Ep9 Abs in severe COVID-19 infections. This study identifies a putative primary antigen capable of stimulating production of cross-reactive, anti-Ep9 Abs. Binding assays with patient blood samples directly show cross-reactivity between Abs binding to Ep9 and only one bioinformatics-derived, homologous potential antigen, a sequence derived from the neuraminidase protein of H3N2 Influenza A virus. This cross-reactive binding is highly influenza strain specific and sensitive to even single amino acid changes in epitope sequence. The neuraminidase protein is not present in the influenza vaccine, and the anti-Ep9 Abs likely resulted from the widespread influenza infection in 2014. Therefore, AIM from a previous infection could underlie some cases of COVID-19 disease severity.

ImportanceInfections with SARS-COV-2 result in diverse disease outcomes, ranging from asymptomatic to fatal. The mechanisms underlying different disease outcomes remain largely unexplained. Previously, our laboratory identified a strong association between the presence of an antibody and increased disease severity in a subset of COVID-19 patients. Here, we report that this severity-associated antibody cross-reacts with viral proteins from an influenza A viral strain from 2014. Therefore, we speculate that antibodies generated against previous infections, like the 2014 influenza A, play a significant role in directing some peoples immune responses against SARS-COV-2. Such understanding of the sources and drivers of COVID-19 disease severity can help early identification and pre-emptive treatment.
Howard Greenfield which she starred. When, in 1958, Sedaka signed to RCA Records as a solo artist, he and Greenfield composed a string of hits for Sedaka to record – among them "The Diary", "Oh! Carol", "Stairway to Heaven", "Calendar Girl", "Little Devil", "Happy Birthday Sweet Sixteen", "Next Door to an Angel" and the chart-topping "Breaking Up Is Hard to Do". Sedaka's recordings eventually sold a combined 25 million records. As Sedaka's promotional and touring commitments began taking up more and more of his time, Kirshner encouraged Greenfield to collaborate with other Aldon writers. Beginning in 1960, Greenfield began a regular collaboration
Hernando Point COE Campground Arkabutla Lake, MS Monday, April 14, 2014. Hernando Point COE Campground Arkabutla Lake, MS. We have had an unusually cold and long winter in north Mississippi this year and did not have a chance to go camping after our stay at John Kyle State Park at Sardis, MS last fall. We decided to stay close to home for our first trip out this year so we chose Hernando Point COE campground at Arkabutla Lake.
I'm sure that one of my contemporaries can provide a more complete answer, but the quick and dirty answer is: a great deal. Roman apartment complexes (*insulae*) typically did not have kitchen materials available in individual apartments, and communal kitchen arrangements were typically located on the ground floor. There was also a profusion of *popinae*, your sort of ghetto/working-class diner/pub, which typically served hot meals as well as a variety of other services. If you cooked for yourself, well, you would have to cook most everything apart from bread (which, to be fair, your average Roman would eat a lot of). In terms of the fire hazard....you would have to be careful. Roman fears about urban fires were persistent and well-grounded, and the presence of various fire departments created at the highest levels of government attests their importance in the city.
- Eastern Standard Time - is abbreviated as EST. Eastern Daylight Time- is abbreviated as EDT. Plantation, Florida is GMT/UTC - 5h during Standard Time. Plantation, Florida is GMT/UTC - 4h during Daylight Saving Time.
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
Because it's a captive audience who can't, with a clear conscience, run away. And in reply to other posters - there are [Irish pipes](_URL_0_) just that people usually think of [Great Highland Bagpipes](_URL_1_) which are indeed Scottish.
How do I get a virtual card?
What's an efficient way to overcome procrastination?
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
Cocaine will cause capillaries to constrict, reducing blood flow to the area that is exposed to cocaine. With frequent snorting cocaine usage, the mucosa eventually loses so much blood supply that it will start to necrose, and die off. In turns, leave a hole in the nasal cavity. Fun fact: if you have a large anterior nosebleed, the doctor may stuff gauze laced with cocaine into your nose to stop the bleeding by constricting the capillaries.
Landslides Landslides. A landslide is the rapid mass movement of soil, mud and/or rocks downhill due to the pull of gravity. Landslides are very common and occur in a variety of forms. Land may topple off in a big chunk, or slip down in bits.Landslide may be composed of mud or may contain rocks and other debris.oil is therefore heaviest and most susceptible to the effects of gravity, when saturated. When large areas of soil become saturated on steep slopes, the pull of gravity causes the top layers of the soil to slide downhill, therefore resulting in a landslide.
5 Activities to Improve Muscular Strength Related Articles Advantages & Disadvantages of Circuit Training Cardio That's Easy on the Knees The Best Form of Exercise for Weight Loss Does the Exercise Bike Make Your Legs Bigger? Cardio Bootcamp Exercises What Are the Benefits of Good Muscular Endurance? According to the 2008 Physical Activity Guidelines for Americans, adults need to do strength training exercises for all major muscle groups at least twice per week. Strong muscles build strong bones so you are less likely to get injured or develop osteoporosis. Lean muscle mass increases your basal metabolic rate so strength training makes you more efficient at burning calories. A well developed muscular physique also enhances your body image and self-esteem. Create a successful fitness program by utilizing a variety of strength training techniques. Weightlifting Weightlifting is a broad term to describe strength training with additional weight through the use of dumbbells, barbells, machines and kettlebells. Weight training benefits your muscles by using resistance to create micro-tears in your muscles. As your muscles repair and recover, they become stronger. Your weight training techniques will depend on your personal fitness goals. Train with heavier weights and perform less repetitions if you are trying to gain size. Create lean muscle mass without adding bulk by performing more repetitions with lighter weights. Regardless of your goals, to continue to make progress as you get stronger, you will have to increase intensity to avoid plateaus. To avoid injury, take adequate recovery and allow 48 hours in between working the same muscle groups. Calisthenics Calisthenics is a category of strength training exercises which utilizes minimal equipment and involves dynamic movement of your body weight through muscular contractions. Pushups, pullups, lunges and calf raises are examples of calisthenics. Combine calisthenic exercises with weight training in the same workout or perform them on their own. Isometric Exercises Isometric contractions involve static muscle contractions where the length of your muscle does not change during the exercise. Examples of isometric exercises include holding your body in a pushup position or balancing in a squat against a wall. Isometric exercises challenge your muscles by holding and supporting your body weight against gravity without using outside force or momentum. Plyometrics Plyometrics use explosive movements to improve your strength, speed and power. Athletes such as sprinters and football players benefit from these exercises. An example of a plyometric exercise is the burpee where you squat down, jump your legs out into a plank position, jump back to your squat and return to a standing position. Other examples include jumping from the ground onto a box, or single leg hops. Exercise caution when you perform plyometrics to minimize your risk for getting injured. Aerobic Exercise Aerobic exercises such as jogging, cycling and walking require you to use the large muscles of your body to move. This movement strengthens the muscles as you get improve your cardiovascular fitness. To boost muscle strengthening, incorporate hills into your ride or walk.email Tweet References (2)DON'T MISSAdvantages & Disadvantages of Circuit Training Cardio That's Easy on the Knees The Best Form of Exercise for Weight Loss Photo Credits: Thinkstock Images/Comstock/Getty Images This article reflects the views of the writer and does not necessarily reflect the views of Jillian Michaels or Jillian Michaels.com. Get Fit » Fitness & Exercise » 5 Activities to Improve Muscular Strength 
WC 93: Scores and standings, April 22
transient ischemic attack transient ischemic attack. a sudden episode of temporary symptoms typically due to diminished blood flow through the brain, usually defined as lasting between 24 and 48 hours. It is sometimes related to impaired blood flow through the vertebrobasilar vessels.
Rotisserie Chicken Home Recipes Everyday Cooking Watch Rotisserie Chicken390 made it | 212 reviews2Recipe by: NGKORTE"This is a great easy recipe that our family loves. It's perfect as the main dish of a simple meal with French fries and cole slaw. "Save I Made It Print Pin Share Ingredients1 h 45 m 6 356On Sale What's on sale near you. We're showing stores near Seattle Update Location (uses your location)1 (3 pound) whole chicken1 pinch salt1/4 cup butter, melted1 tablespoon salt1 tablespoon paprika1/4 tablespoon ground black pepper Add all ingredients to list Directions Prep15 m Cook1 h 30 m Ready In1 h 45 m Season the inside of the chicken with a pinch of salt. Place the chicken onto a rotisserie and set the grill on high. Cook for 10 minutes. During that time, quickly mix together the butter, 1 tablespoon of salt, paprika and pepper. Turn the grill down to medium and baste the chicken with the butter mixture. Close the lid and cook for 1 to 1 1/2 hours, basting occasionally, until the internal temperature reaches 180 degrees F (83 degrees C) when taken in the thigh with a meat thermometer. Remove from the rotisserie and let stand for 10 to 15 minutes before cutting into pieces and serving. Footnotes Tip Aluminum foil can be used to keep food moist, cook it evenly, and make clean-up easier. Nutrition Facts Per Serving: 356 calories; 24.9 g fat; 0.8 g carbohydrates; 30.9 g protein; 117 mg cholesterol; 1311 mg sodium. Full nutrition I made it!Share Similar: Recipes Videos Categories Articles Whole Chicken Slow Cooker Recipe213Perfect Baked Jerk Chicken186Rotisserie Chicken and Stuffing Casse...68Jamaican Jerked Chicken55Rotisserie Chicken Chili With Hominy ...15Smoked Herb Chicken7Roasted Lemon Balm Chicken6Instant Pot® Lemon Rotisserie Chick...3Easy Leftover Rotisserie Chicken Sala...2Rotisserie Chicken Salad1Get the magazine Get a full year for $10!Cook 5-star weekday dinners every time. Reviews212Rate and review263 Ratings Most helpful positive review Chef Daddy Pete2746/21/2007Basic recipe is ok, but it omits some very important steps. You must tie the legs and wings with twine to prevent them over cooking. And the most important detail, don't cook directly over the... Read more Most helpful critical review Cooking Apprentice118/11/2011The chicken came out moist, beautiful, but it wasn't a hit -- way too salty. One of my kids couldn't even eat the leg, because it was so salty. I will definitely cook it again, but with per... Read more Reviews: Most helpful Chef Daddy Pete2746/21/2007Basic recipe is ok, but it omits some very important steps. You must tie the legs and wings with twine to prevent them over cooking. And the most important detail, don't cook directly over the... Read more Don Reilly281845/31/2007This was a total disaster. So why did I rate it five stars? Because I take the blame for the problems I had. Although the recipe did not state it, I knew to tie up the drumsticks and wings to... Read more Brian Smith80283/21/2006Excellent! I had some doubts on this recipe, but this turned into the rotisserie taste that I pay premium bucks for at market. I followed the recipe exactly, basting only once. I cooked a 3 1/2 ... Read more Chef Mario B917/7/2007Great recipe! This was my first time using my rotisserie attatchment for my BBQ grill. I was a little nervous but it turned out wonderful. Make sure you use the drip pan or you will be in for... Read more Mandy8648510/31/2007I really enjoyed this recipe! I added some rosemerry and I used olive oil insted of butter. It was wonderful, and so juicey!! !Read more Jane87347/30/2007This chicken turned out fantastic. We followed the ingredients list exactly and the cooking times were followed exactly. Thanks to the other reviews, made sure we tied the legs/wings with string... Read more PEYTONMG1838054/9/2007This is the BEST!!!!!! If you're looking for a really great rotisserie chicken recipe, believe me, this is the one. By far. I've tried many others from here and other sites, and they can't touch... Read more Gail Rappaport Peckman67136/18/2008My husband has been af
Cancer Due to the varying survival rates for different types of cancer, the most common causes of death from cancer are not always the most common types of cancer. For instance, although lung and bronchus cancer causes the greatest number of deaths, breast cancer is more commonly diagnosed among females. In 2006, invasive breast cancer occurred among 119.3 per 100,000 females, whereas lung and bronchus cancer occurred in only 55.0 per 100,000.
You're thinking up random numbers until you find one that feels right (i.e. that you think is unlikely to be guessed or is otherwise appropriate to the situation) and then you choose it.
Gov't break-ins (60 minutes)
Music genre (August 2014). A music genre is a conventional category that identifies some pieces of music as belonging to a shared tradition or set of conventions. It is to be distinguished from musical form and musical style, although in practice these terms are sometimes used interchangeably.
Suffixes in English Grammar Definition. A suffix is a letter or group of letters added to the end of a word or root (i.e., a base form), serving to form a new word or functioning as an inflectional ending. Adjective: suffixal. There are two primary types of suffixes in English: 1  A derivational suffix (such as the addition of-ly to an adjective to form an adverb) indicates what type of word it is. 2  An inflectional suffix (such as the addition of-s to a noun to form a plural) tells something about the word's grammatical behavior.
Albert the Great wrote that wisdom and understanding enhance one's faith in God. According to him, these are the tools that God uses to commune with a contemplative. Love in the soul is both the cause and result of true understanding and judgement. It causes not only an intellectual knowledge of God, but a spiritual and emotional knowledge as well. Contemplation is the means whereby one can obtain this goal of understanding. Things that once seemed static and unchanging become full of possibility and perfection. The contemplative then knows that God is, but she does not know what God is. Thus, contemplation forever produces a mystified, imperfect knowledge of God. The soul is exalted beyond the rest of God's creation but it cannot see God Himself.
Hetalia: Scotland Scotland (スコットランド, Sukottorando) is a fan character in the series Hetalia: Axis Powers. He has very few canonical appearances and no official design. Contents [ show]Basic Information Edit Name - Allistor/Alastor Kirkland (other commonly used name is Angus Kirkland)Age - Appears to be in mid 20's Gender - Male Birthday - November 30th Height - 182 cm (5' 9")Nation: Scotland Appearance Edit (NOTE: Due to lack of an official Scotland design, the information in this section is based off of the typical fan-made design. )A sketch from Hidekaz Himaruya's blog of the other members of the United Kingdom: Scotland, and Wales, along with Ireland though they are not in the United Kingdom. Official identities are not specified in the original post, though the top one is assumed to be Scotland based off earlier concepts from Hima. Scotland usually is drawn with scarlet, auburn, or brown hair. His eyes are colored shades of brown Example of the typical fan design.with a green tint, most likely to link the family relationship with himself and England. His two other brothers', Ireland and Wales, eyes are commonly drawn with a tint of yellow/green as well. He share the thick eyebrows that are common with countries related to the UK. Scotland is sometimes seen wearing a brown vest with a white collar shirt, but is most commonly seen in a navy-blue military uniform with two white sashes crossing his chest. His uniform also includes brown gloves and matching boots. His signature item is a lit cigarette/cigar that he is seen holding in his hand or mouth. As a child, his attire included a blue cloak that hung around his neck, usually held by a brown button/string attached to it, a loose white shirt, and a brown leather belt. He also wears blue pants with brown leather boots over them. Personality Edit Scotland's personality is easy-going, stubborn, and loud. He can be a big softy and is kind to his family, save for the occasional teasing, roughhousing, and jack-assery. When angry he is a force to be reckoned with, so it's best not to make him mad. Himaruya's concept of Scotland included him having a love of cats and whisky. Relationship Edit England (1) - His relationship with his younger brother is a bit rocky. The two never see eye to eye and always bicker. The two brothers are seen to have a secret admiration toward one another but when it shown; Scotland has an insult to shot back at his younger brother. France is one of the countries that usually ends the bickering, though they shoot their argument back at him. England (2) - Fans have seen a potential couple in these two as people view their relationship as a love-hate notion. Their constant arguments and bickering had led this couple to a romantic view for fanfic authors. Their personalities set together is seen as stubborn and tsundere. It's England we're talking about, though Scott, being as his brother, has seen other sides of his baby brother behind the closed door. Scotland also seems to be pointed to have a stubborn personality, though he is shown to have a soft spot with people close to him. England (3) - Going from historical facts Scotland and England are a married couple. Due to the end of their war being settled by the Treaty of Union combining the two countries into one (much like Austria and Hungary's previous treaty) it has been speculated that Scotland is actually England's wife/husband that has simply not made an appearance yet. France - France and Scotland had their fair share together over the years, forming an alliance to stay independent over the Great Britain wars. Though their efforts were once seen as vain, it soon turned to be golden as the victory was then theirs. Their bonds are set strong when their alliance is put to the test when the Battle of Bauge was set. As the victory was soon theirs, they had then sent supporting troops to one another and had helped each other when it is necessary. The young nations had then began to date when their ex-bosses soon married and formed a treaty with one another. 200 years later the treaty was then offici
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Summable families in tempered distribution spaces
Web notes From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Web note (United States)Value 1 $Years of printing 1992–1996Nature of rarity Experimental press run Estimated value US$2 – $1,300Obverse Web notes are a type of United States currency named after the "web printing production" method of printing on continuous rolls of paper. There are several types of "web printing production" methods, including offset, gravure (intaglio), flexography, etc. However high-pressure web intaglio printing, front and back of the intaglio process, was a totally new idea. Between 1992 and 1996, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing experimented to see if a web press that used continuous rolls of paper was quicker and cheaper than intaglio printing, which used flat sheets. The affected notes are dollar bills from Series 1988A, Series 1993 and Series 1995. They are legal tender and are not considered error notes, although they are valuable due to their rarity. The following is a list of web-printed notes:1988AB.. L 6 (part) Mixed run of web and regular May 1992F..* 3 (part) Mixed run of web and regular Jun 1992F 704 00001 L - F 768 00000 L Jul 1992F 832 00001 L - F 896 00000 L Jul 1992F 000 00001 M - F 064 00000 M Jul 1992F 576 00001 N - F 768 00000 N Sep 1992C 640 00001 A - C 768 00000 A Sep 1992A 256 00001 E - A 320 00000 E Nov 1992A 384 00001 E - A 448 00000 E Nov 1992A 576 00001 E - A 640 00000 E Nov 1992A 000 00001 F - A 128 00000 F Dec 1992E 448 00001 I - E 640 00000 I Feb 1993E 448 00001 K - E 640 00000 K Apr 1993A 832 00001 F - A 960 00000 F Jun 1993A 000 00001 G - A 192 00000 G Jun 1993G 448 00001 P - G 576 00000 P Jul 1993G 448 00001 Q - G 512 00000 Q Aug 1993F 512 00001 U - F 576 00000 U Oct 1993F 640 00001 U - F 704 00000 U Oct 1993F 896 00001 U - F 960 00000 U Oct 1993F 064 00001 V - F 128 00000 V Oct 1993F 192 00001 V - F 256 00000 V Oct 1993F 384 00001 V - F 448 00000 V Oct 1993F 576 00001 V - F 640 00000 V Oct 1993F 768 00001 V - F 832 00000 V Oct 1993F 896 00001 V - F 960 00000 V Oct 19931993B 192 00001 H - B 256 00000 H May 1995B 384 00001 H - B 448 00000 H May 1995C 384 00001 A - C 448 00000 A Jun 1995C 512 00001 A - C 576 00000 A Jun 19951995A 320 00001 C - A 448 00000 C Sep 1995D 640 00001 C - D 704 00000 C Nov 1995F 832 00001 D - F 960 00000 D Dec 1995B 320 00001 H - B 384 00000 H Apr 1996B 448 00001 H - B 512 00000 H Apr 1996A.. D 13 (part) Mixed run of web and regular Jul 1996Contents [ hide ]1 Intaglio web press versus intaglio sheetfed press1.1 Intaglio (standard)1.2 Web press (experimental)2 Identifying web notes3 Key issues4 References5 External links5.1 Bureau of Engraving and Printing links5.2 Collector links Intaglio web press versus intaglio sheetfed press [ edit]In May 1991, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP) installed a web press at the Washington, DC printing facilities to test a new way of printing $1 bills. BEP officials hoped that the test would replace the sheet fed intaglio presses by switching to a possibly quicker and less expensive method of printing. Alexander-Hamilton Web Currency Press was a true web currency press. There are several differences between the two types of presses: Intaglio (standard) [ edit]Sheet fed. Sheets precut to size. (32 bills, 4 by 8, approx. 21.25 X 26 in)Intaglio prints three times, once on each side for front and back, and then once more for seals, serial numbers, and plate numbers.32 notes printed, in three stages Delivered over 8,000 sheets per hour. Web press (experimental) [ edit]Fed by a continuous paper roll Printed both sides of a note simultaneously Created 96 notes in one pass Delivered 10,000 sheets in 35 minutes Sheeted into 32 bills per sheet (21.25 X 26)The continuous-roll printing process (Web offset) is visually very similar to the printing of newspapers, whereas intaglio visually resembles metal stamping manufacturing methods. Problems arose with the web press. The main drawback was its inability to sustain long continuous runs compared to the standard (Giori) sheet fed method of intaglio printing, resulting in constant breakdown. In additio
nVidia GT220 vs GT210
Get recipes.
Origin of the Ocean on the Earth: Early Evolution of Water D/H in a
  Hydrogen-rich Atmosphere
There often actually are very specific collections available, on specific subjects. For example, the place the titanic was built. The biggest local library near there is likely to have gathered a lot of material on that, including newspapers and such.  Then theres the good old physical paperwork from back in the day. The ships bringing in the coffee would have manifestos saying how much they brought in and where from. The captains would keep a diary too. Plantation owners as well.  But yeah as you said, tracking all that down can be a pain. Public collections like libraries and archives are usually your best bet. I dont know where you're at, but around here librarians jump for joy when they see somebody thats actually interested in books these days. Theyre extremely helpful, often giving addresses and events to try and help you out.
It is mostly Propaganda that started in WWII that did not really end as we immediately went into the Cold War. The gains we get are having lots of volunteers for, and being tolerant of a large expensive military. Also so some extent it is natural to be prideful of the place that you are from, and this extends up to being prideful of your country. To most Americans if you are not prideful of your country then either there is something wrong with you, or something very wrong with your country.  But you do need to keep in mind that most of the US is not the super patriotic type that you see on the internet and news because they are extreme. Most of the US is patriotic, but it is a much more tempered patriotism.
Kidney Disease: Treatments and Remedies Home Remedies for Kidney Disease. Some of the home remedies for kidney disease include reducing the amount of salt in your diet, eating less potassium and lowering your amount of protein intake. Other remedies include intake of dandelion, parsley juice, Aloe vera juice, cranberry juice, apple cider vinegar, herbal tea, Buchu, and Barberry.
Bette Davis well-known, particularly "Fasten your seatbelts, it's going to be a bumpy night". She was again nominated for an Academy Award, and critics such as Gene Ringgold described her Margo as her "all-time best performance". Pauline Kael wrote that much of Mankiewicz' vision of "the theater" was "nonsense", but commended Davis, writing "[the film is] saved by one performance that is the real thing: Bette Davis is at her most instinctive and assured. Her actress - vain, scared, a woman who goes too far in her reactions and emotions - makes the whole thing come alive." Davis won a Best Actress
Extract columns from Excel using Python
Difference Between Groundnut and Peanut Groundnut vs. Peanut. A peanut is a kind of groundnut which belongs to the legume family. The family of groundnuts includes arachis villosulicarpa, bambara groundnut, peanut, hausa groundnut and others. The bambara groundnut belongs to the fabaceae family and is said to have originated in Western Africa.
magnetism magnetism Also found in: Dictionary, Thesaurus, Medical, Legal, Wikipedia .magnetism,forceforce,commonly, a "push" or "pull," more properly defined in physics as a quantity that changes the motion, size, or shape of a body. Force is a vector quantity, having bothmagnitude and direction...... Click the link for more information.of attraction or repulsion between various substances, especially thosemade of iron and certain other metals; ultimately it is due to the motion of electric charges. Magnetic Poles, Forces, and Fields Any object that exhibits magnetic properties is called a magnet. Every magnet has two points, or poles, where most of its strength is concentrated; these are designated as a north-seeking pole, or north pole, and a south-seeking pole, or south pole, because a suspended magnet tends to orient itselfalong a north-south line. Since a magnet has two poles, it is sometimes called a magnetic dipole,being analogous to an electric dipole, composed of two opposite charges. The like poles of differentmagnets repel each other, and the unlike poles attract each other. One remarkable property of magnets is that whenever a magnet is broken, a north pole will appear at one of the broken faces and a south pole at the other, such that each piece has its own north andsouth poles. It is impossible to isolate a single magnetic pole, regardless of how many times a magnet is broken or how small the fragments become. (The theoretical question as to the possible existence in any state of a single magnetic pole, called a monopole, is still considered open by physicists;experiments to date have failed to detect one. )From his study of magnetism, C. A. Coulomb in the 18th cent. found that the magnetic forces betweentwo poles followed an inverse-square law of the same form as that describing the forces betweenelectric charges. The law states that the force of attraction or repulsion between two magnetic poles is directly proportional to the product of the strengths of the poles and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them. As with electric charges, the effect of this magnetic force acting at a distance is expressed in terms of a fieldfield, in physics, region throughout which a force may be exerted; examples are the gravitational, electric, and magnetic fields that surround, respectively, masses, electric charges,and magnets. The field concept was developed by M. ..... Click the link for more information.of force. A magnetic pole sets up a field in the space around it that exerts a force on magneticmaterials. The field can be visualized in terms of lines of induction (similar to the lines of force of an electric field). These imaginary lines indicate the direction of the field in a given region. By conventionthey originate at the north pole of a magnet and form loops that end at the south pole either of thesame magnet or of some other nearby magnet (see also flux, magneticflux, magnetic, in physics, term used to describe the total amount of magnetic field in a given region. The term flux was chosen because the power of a magnet seems to "flow" out of themagnet at one pole and return at the other pole in a circulating pattern, as suggested..... Click the link for more information.). The lines are spaced so that the number per unit area is proportional to the field strength in a given area. Thus, the linesconverge near the poles, where the field is strong, and spread out as their distance from the polesincreases. A picture of these lines of induction can be made by sprinkling iron filings on a piece of paper placedover a magnet. The individual pieces of iron become magnetized by entering a magnetic field, i.e., theyact like tiny magnets, lining themselves up along the lines of induction. By using variously shapedmagnets and various combinations of more than one magnet, representations of the field in thesedifferent situations can be obtained. Magnetic Materials The term magnetism is derived from Magnesia, the name of a region in Asia Minor where lodestone, a naturally magnetic iron ore, was found
Carbon will dissolve within the iron matrix to form solutions like haematite and magnetite, which are much harder and corrosion resistant than iron by itself. Iamanoldmilkjug has alredy explained the crystal structure.
Overwatch (video game) Overwatch is a team-based online multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment . It was released in May 2016 for Windows , PlayStation 4 , and Xbox One .   Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six , with each player selecting one of 24 pre-defined characters , called heroes , each with unique movement , attributes , and abilities , whose roles are divided into four categories : Offense , Defense , Tank , and Support . Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time . Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay , such as character skins and victory poses , as they play the game . The game was initially launched with casual play , with a competitive ranked mode , various ` arcade ' game modes , and a player-customizable server browser subsequently included following its release . Additionally , Blizzard has developed and added new characters , maps , and game modes post-release , while stating that all Overwatch updates will remain free , with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards .   Overwatch is Blizzard 's fourth major franchise and came about following the 2014 cancellation of the ambitious massively multiplayer online role-playing game Titan . A portion of the Titan team came up with the concept of Overwatch , based on the success of team-based first-person shooters like Team Fortress 2 and the growing popularity of multiplayer online battle arenas , creating a hero-based shooter that emphasized teamwork . Some elements of Overwatch borrow assets and concepts from the canceled Titan project . After establishing the narrative of an optimistic near-future Earth setting after a global crisis , the developers aimed to create a diverse cast of heroes that spanned genders and ethnicities as part of this setting . Significant time was spent adjusting the balance of the characters , making sure that new players would still be able to have fun while skilled players would present each other with a challenge .   Overwatch was unveiled at BlizzCon 2014 in a fully playable state and was in a closed beta from late 2015 through early 2016 . An open beta in May 2016 drew in more than 9.7 million players . The release of the game was promoted with short animated videos to introduce the game 's narrative and each of the characters . Upon official release , Overwatch received universal acclaim from critics , who praised the game for its accessibility , diverse appeal of its hero characters , bright cartoonish art style , and enjoyable gameplay . Considered one of the best games released in 2016 , the game received numerous accolades , including being awarded Game of the Year at The Game Awards , D.I.C.E. Awards , and Game Developers Choice Awards , as well as from numerous publications . Since its release , Overwatch has become recognized as an eSport , where in addition to sponsoring tournaments , Blizzard has announced plans to help support professional league play starting in 2017 .
This comment is not toxic.
Max Carl Net Worth Home / Musicians / Max Carl Net Worth Musicians Max Carl Net Worth Tom Ford March 12, 2017 0 Comments 53 Less than a minute Max Carl Net Worth is $800,000Max Carl Bio/Wiki, Net Worth Max Carl Gronenthal (born January 29, 1950, Humphrey, Nebraska, United States) is an American rock singer, keyboardist, guitarist and songwriter. He is the current lead singer of the classic rock band Grand Funk Railroad. In addition, he spent several years as the keyboardist and lead singer for the southern rock band 38 Special, for whom he co-wrote and sang lead on the hit song "Second Chance". Structural Info Filmography Date Of Birth January 29, 1950Place Of Birth Humphrey, Nebraska, United States Profession Music Department, Soundtrack, Actor Music Groups Grand Funk Railroad (Since 2000), 38 Special (1987 – 1992)Star Sign Aquarius Known for movies Short Circuit (1986) as Soundtrack Police Academy (1984) as Soundtrack Weird Science (1985) as Soundtrack The Lonely Guy (1984) as Soundtrack Source IMDB Wikipedia Tags Facebook Twitter 
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Fossa Facts Home > Facts > Animal Facts > Fossa Facts Fossa Facts Fossa Facts Fossa is a cat-like creature that closely related to the mongoose family. They can be found only in the tropical rainforests of the Madagascar. Fossa is the largest predator on the island and it does not have natural enemies, but due to extreme deforestation (90% of the forest is already destroyed) it is listed as an endangered species. Less than 2500 animals are left in the wild. Interesting Fossa Facts: Fossa has black, brown or red fur and long slender body. Although they look like cats, they are more closely related to mongooses. Characteristic features are round ears, large eyes and short snout with long whiskers. Some specimens may grow to almost 2 meters in length, but most animals reach between 24 and 34 inches, with the tail of almost the same length. Since fossa is active climber, it is slim and weighs usually between 15 and 28.5 pounds. Males are larger than females. Fossa is nocturnal animal (active during the night), but when the food sources are scarce, it can switch to daily hunt. Fossa is carnivore and 50% of its diet is composed of lemurs. They hunt any of 30 different species of lemurs that reside the Madagascar. Besides lemurs, fossa also eats small mammals, birds, fish, lizards, frogs and domestic animals (such as chickens). Many farmers kill fossa because they want to protect their livestock. Fossa is a solitary and territorial animal. It uses special scent produced by the anal gland to mark its 4 square kilometer large territory. Fossa is very agile animal. It spends most of the time in the trees, by hanging from the branches or by jumping from one tree to another. Tail ensures required balance for all these acrobatic maneuvers. Fossa has retractable (can be pulled inside the paw) and sharp claws which are used both for hunting and for hanging on the trees. Fossa is a speedy runner. It can reach a speed of 35 miles per hour. Fossa has excellent sense of hearing, smell and eyesight. Fossa communicates using wide range of vocal sounds, visual stimuli, body language and scents. Vocalization includes purrs (when they are threatened), repeated loud, coarse inhalations and gasps of breath (when they are afraid) or high yelp (when single animal try to attract other fossas). Mating season lasts from October to December. Males are especially aggressive during this period and they often fight with each other to attract female's attention. Winner of the battle gets the chance to mate with the female. Female mates with more than one male during mating season. After mating, females create a den on the ground, where the babies will be born. Fossa reproduces slowly. Pregnancy lasts 6 to 7 weeks and ends with 2 to 4 babies. Babies have only 3.5 ounces on birth, they are blind and toothless. They will open their eyes for the first time 16-25 days after birth. Young fossa starts eating solid food with 12 weeks, but it will not become independent until it reaches one year. Fossa becomes fully mature with 4 years. Fossa can live up to 20 years in captivity. Life span in the wild is much shorter. Related Links: Facts Animal Facts Animals Facts<a href="http://www.softschools.com/facts/animals/fossa_facts/63/">Fossa Facts</a> 
Refund Status Refund Status To check the status of your refund enter your Social Security Number, tax year of the return filed and the expected refund amount (to the nearest dollar). If you e-Filed your tax return your refund will be processed in up to 4 weeks. If you filed your return on paper your refund could take up to 8 weeks to process. If you mailed your tax return using Certified Mail, it could take up to an additional 3 weeks. Next year consider using e-File and have your refund deposited directly into your bank account if you would like to receive your refund faster. Social Security Number: Show Tax Year: Income tax refund expected: How did you file:e File Paper You should only call us if it has been: More than 4 weeks since you filed electronically More than 8 weeks since you mailed your paper return 
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a 2014 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback , Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver . It stars Andy Serkis , Jason Clarke , Gary Oldman , Keri Russell , Toby Kebbell , and Kodi Smit-McPhee . It is the sequel to the 2011 film Rise of the Planet of the Apes , which began 20th Century Fox 's reboot of the original Planet of the Apes series . Dawn is set ten years after the events of Rise , and follows a group of people in San Francisco who struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity , while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes .   Dawn of the Planet of the Apes was released in the United States and Canada on July 11 , 2014 and was met with critical acclaim , with critics praising its visual effects , story , direction , acting , musical score , action , and emotional depth . It was also a box office success , having grossed over $ 710 million worldwide , and received an Academy Award nomination for Best Visual Effects . A third installment , titled War for the Planet of the Apes , is set to be released on July 14 , 2017 .
Vladimir Komarov Vladimir Komarov Vladimir Mikhaylovich Komarov (; 16 March 192724 April 1967) was a Soviet test pilot, aerospace engineer and cosmonaut. In October 1964, he commanded Voskhod 1, the first spaceflight to carry more than one crew member. He became the first cosmonaut to fly in space twice when he was selected as the solo pilot of Soyuz 1, the first manned test flight of a new spacecraft. A parachute failure caused his Soyuz capsule to crash into the ground after re-entry on 24 April 1967, making him the first human to die in a space flight. Komarov was one of
Saag sarson da saag (mustard plant leaves), which may be eaten with makki di roti. It is also eaten in Nepal and in Haryana. This roti is made of maize flour and is yellow in colour, though it can also be eaten with other breads. Saag/saj however can be a catch-all term for various green-leaved dishes. It is one of the important dish of Mahaprasad (Jagannath Temple), where it has been served to the Lords for centuries. Saag aloo (spinach potato) and saag gosht (spinach and goat) is a common dish in Punjabi cuisine as served in restaurants and take-aways in
This comment is not toxic.
Hurricane Bianca Hurricane Bianca is an American independent comedy and LGBT film, directed and written by Matt Kugelman, an editor for "CBS This Morning". The film's title derives from the starring actor, Bianca Del Rio (Roy Haylock), an American costumer and drag queen, best known for winning the sixth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race". As well as being marketed as a comedy, the film touches on serious social issues, such as the fact that it is legal in 29 U.S states for somebody to be fired from their place of work for being gay.
Why does my trainer tell me bananas are bad for me? Thinkstock LESLIE BECKSpecial to The Globe and Mail Published September 16, 2012Updated March 26, 2017THE QUESTION My trainer has told me to avoid bananas. He calls them a no-benefit fruit. What's wrong with bananas? Aren't they at least a source of potassium? THE ANSWER Why do bananas get a bad rap? Perhaps because some people mistakenly think they are much higher in sugar, or carbohydrate, than other fruit. Not so. A medium banana has 105 calories and 27 grams of carbohydrate. Not much more than many other types of fruit: 1 medium pear (103 calories, 27 gm carb), 1 medium apple (95 calories, 25 gm carb), 1 cup pineapple (82 calories, 21 gm carb) and 1 cup blueberries (84 calories, 21 gm carb). Or maybe bananas are maligned because they're believed to have high glycemic index (GI), causing your blood sugar and insulin to spike quickly after eating one. False, again. Bananas are actually low on the GI scale, having a glycemic index value of 51. (Foods with a low GI cause your blood sugar to rise gradually, not quickly, after eating them. GI values less than 55 are considered low. )So I have to disagree with your trainer. Bananas do have nutritional benefits, including their high potassium content. One medium banana has 422 milligrams of potassium – almost 10 per cent of a day's worth – considerably more than a medium-sized apple (195 mg), orange (237 mg) or pear (212 mg). In fact, bananas outrank almost all other types of fruit when it comes to potassium. Cantaloupe and honeydew melon have similar potassium counts with 440 and 426 mg a cup, respectively. Most people don't get enough potassium in their diet largely because they don't eat enough fruits and vegetables. Potassium helps maintain the body's water balance. Higher potassium intakes may protect against high blood pressure by increasing the amount of sodium your kidneys excrete. Potassium is critical for normal muscle, nerve and brain function. Adults and teenagers need 4,700 mg each day; children aged 1 to 3 require 3,000 mg, 4 to 8-year-olds need 3,800 mg and kids aged 9 to 13 should get 4,500 mg of potassium daily. Bananas are a good source of carbohydrate, which helps fuel your muscles for a workout. Eating a banana an hour before you exercise provides glucose (sugar) into your bloodstream which your muscles use for energy. They also make a great post-workout snack. Their natural sugars are used to rebuild muscle glycogen (carbohydrate) stores, your muscles' main energy source. And the potassium in bananas assists in the process of converting blood sugar into glycogen. (A post-workout snack should also include a source of protein to help repair muscle tissue. )Bananas are also a source of fibre (3.1 grams each) and a good source of vitamin B6. THE BOTTOM LINE All fruit is good for you, bananas included. Include different types of fruit in your diet to consume a wider variety of vitamins, minerals and phytochemicals. Click here to submit your questions. Our Health Experts will answer select questions, which could appear in The Globe and Mail and/or on The Globe and Mail web site. Your name will not be published if your question is chosen. The content provided in The Globe and Mail's Ask a Health Expert centre is for information purposes only and is neither intended to be relied upon nor to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Follow us on Twitter @globeandmail Report an error Editorial code of conduct 
That's a pretty good answer really. If you live near mountains show your kid that the far away mountains start to look light blue because you are looking through so much air. But one way you could attach a number to this question perhaps is to find the average distance to light scattering. Every blueish photon reaching your eye scattered off of some air molecule so what is the mean distance from this last scatter if you look straight up? I would guess that most of that scattering comes from the troposphere because it's so much more dense so that mean distance would be < 12 km.
Top 10 subatomic surprises So Enrico Fermi called Pauli’s particle the neutrino, Italian for “little neutral one.”) 7. Subatomic particles are actually waves (sometimes) Thomson won a Nobel Prize in 1906 for the experiments establishing the existence of the first known subatomic particle, the electron. So he must have been surprised when, in 1937, his son George also won a Nobel Prize — for demonstrating that electrons (at least in some experiments) were actually waves.
It doesn't necessarily cause it, it just increases the likelihood of defective recessive traits being paired and expressed. I'm not a geneticist but the way I believe it works is that at any given time everyone carries some amount of defective genes that occurred via mutation but are recessive. You'd need 2 pairs of the recessive gene for it to be expressed and since the mutation was spontaneous and passed down to the offspring, the likelihood of 2 random people having the same exact mutation is fairly low, whereas 2 people with the same genes have a higher chance of both carrying it.
- The NNN Lease, often just called the triple net lease, is a common lease structure used in commercial real estate.
- Definition of devout. 1  1 : committed or devoted to religion or to religious duties or exercises a devout Catholic. 2  2 : expressing piety or religious fervor : expressing devotion a devout attitude.
How to indentify male yeast infection symptoms The major symptoms of penile yeast infection in men is irritation, itching, and soreness of the head of the penis. The head may also show redness and have small white blisters. Other male yeast infection symptoms burn sensation with urination or other contact. There is usually not white discharge as with women but it may be possible in some cases. Male yeast infection is sometimes referred to as Balanitis which is a condition that displays the same symptoms as male yeast infection symptoms.
 Meaning of herbivore Herbivore The following texts are the property of their respective authors and we thank them for giving us the opportunity to share for free to students, teachers and users of the Web their texts will used only for illustrative educational and scientific purposes only. All the information in our site are for educational uses. The information of medicine and health contained in the site are of a general nature and purpose which is purely informative and for this reason may not replace in any case, the council of a doctor or a qualified entity legally to the profession. Biology Glossary of biology terms Meaning and definition of herbivore: A heterotrophic animal that eats plants. For the term herbivore may also exist other definitions and meanings, the meaning and definition indicated above are indicative not be used for medical and legal or special purposes. Source : SFU Text file : http://school.gogpg.com/Portals/1/Assess%20Well/Example%20Sampling%20Domains-Curriculum%20Specific.xls Source web site :http://school.gogpg.com/Author : not indicated on the source document of the above text If you are the author of the text above and you not agree to share your knowledge for teaching, research, scholarship (for fair use as indicated in the United States copyrigh low) please send us an e-mail and we will remove your text quickly. Fair use is a limitation and exception to the exclusive right granted by copyright law to the author of a creative work. In United States copyright law, fair use is a doctrine that permits limited use of copyrighted material without acquiring permission from the rights holders. Examples of fair use include commentary, search engines, criticism, news reporting, research, teaching, library archiving and scholarship. It provides for the legal, unlicensed citation or incorporation of copyrighted material in another author's work under a four-factor balancing test. (source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use)Google key word : herbivore Glossary of biology terms Herbivore If you want to quickly find the pages about a particular topic as herbivore use the following search engine: Alimentation - nutrition Animals Architecture Art Astrology and fantasy Astronomy Biology and genetics Botany biology Courses and guides Culture General Dermatology and wellness Dictionaries and glossaries Economics and finance Education and pediatrics Engineering and technology English grammar Fashion Fitness Food and recipes Games Geography and geology History Informatics and computer Jobs world Languages Leisure and DIY Lessons for students Literature, biographies Mathematics Medicine Music Philosophy Photography and images Physics Physiology Psychology and psychoanalysis Quiz questions and answers Religions Rights law, political science Science Sociology Sport Summaries and reviews Television and movies Theater and communications Travel and tourist guides Useful documents and tables Utility and converters Weather and meteorology Meaning and definition of herbivore in biology Please visit our home page Larapedia.com Terms of service and privacy page Meaning and definition of herbivore Herbivore 
Bail is before guilt is determined, when the person is still presumed innocent. They haven't done anything wrong necessarily. But, in order that they stick around for the proceedings (no running from the law, the judge, the police), a penalty is held over their head. Bail is basically a fine for disappearing when you're supposed to be responsible to the court. The money is returned when you are done with court proceedings (thanks Huzzleduff). _URL_0_
JavaScript - Placement in HTML File Java Script - Placement in HTML File Advertisements Previous Page Next Page There is a flexibility given to include Java Script code anywhere in an HTML document. However the most preferred ways to include Java Script in an HTML file are as follows −Script in <head>...</head> section. Script in <body>...</body> section. Script in <body>...</body> and <head>...</head> sections. Script in an external file and then include in <head>...</head> section. In the following section, we will see how we can place Java Script in an HTML file in different ways. Java Script in <head>...</head> section If you want to have a script run on some event, such as when a user clicks somewhere, then you will place that script in the head as follows −<html><head><script type = "text/javascript" ><!--function say Hello () {alert ( "Hello World")}//--></script></head><body><input type = "button" onclick = " say Hello () " value = "Say Hello" /></body></html>This code will produce the following results −Java Script in <body>...</body> section If you need a script to run as the page loads so that the script generates content in the page, then the script goes in the <body> portion of the document. In this case, you would not have any function defined using Java Script. Take a look at the following code.<html><head></head><body><script type = "text/javascript" ><!--document. write ( "Hello World")//--></script><p> This is web page body </p></body></html>This code will produce the following results −Java Script in <body> and <head> Sections You can put your Java Script code in <head> and <body> section altogether as follows −<html><head><script type = "text/javascript" ><!--function say Hello () {alert ( "Hello World")}//--></script></head><body><script type = "text/javascript" ><!--document. write ( "Hello World")//--></script><input type = "button" onclick = " say Hello () " value = "Say Hello" /></body></html>This code will produce the following result −Java Script in External File As you begin to work more extensively with Java Script, you will be likely to find that there are cases where you are reusing identical Java Script code on multiple pages of a site. You are not restricted to be maintaining identical code in multiple HTML files. The script tag provides a mechanism to allow you to store Java Script in an external file and then include it into your HTML files. Here is an example to show how you can include an external Java Script file in your HTML code using script tag and its src attribute.<html><head><script type = "text/javascript" src = "filename.js" ></script></head><body>....... </body></html>To use Java Script from an external file source, you need to write all your Java Script source code in a simple text file with the extension ".js" and then include that file as shown above. For example, you can keep the following content in filename.js file and then you can use say Hello function in your HTML file after including the filename.js file.function say Hello () {alert ( "Hello World")}Previous Page Print PDFNext Page Advertisements 
I believe [this post](_URL_0_) I made about a week ago might be of use to you. Feel free to ask any further questions you might have.
Understand Azure Site Recovery A: Azure Site Recovery is a cloud service that can be licensed on a per-virtual machine (VM) or per-physical instance basis. It enables the replication and orchestration of failover processes between a company's own physical sites to Azure services.
How do I restore pictures from iCloud?
Frank Sinatra Francis Albert Sinatra ( -LSB- sᵻˈnɑːtrə -RSB- -LSB- siˈnaːtra -RSB- ; December 12 , 1915 -- May 14 , 1998 ) was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century . He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide . Born in Hoboken , New Jersey , to Italian immigrants , Sinatra began his musical career in the swing era with bandleaders Harry James and Tommy Dorsey . Sinatra found success as a solo artist after he signed with Columbia Records in 1943 , becoming the idol of the `` bobby soxers '' . He released his debut album , The Voice of Frank Sinatra , in 1946 . Sinatra 's professional career had stalled by the early 1950s , and he turned to Las Vegas , where he became one of its best known performers as part of the Rat Pack . His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of From Here to Eternity , with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor . Sinatra released several critically lauded albums , including In the Wee Small Hours ( 1955 ) , Songs for Swingin ' Lovers ! ( 1956 ) , Come Fly with Me ( 1958 ) , Only the Lonely ( 1958 ) and Nice 'n' Easy ( 1960 ) .   Sinatra left Capitol in 1960 to start his own record label , Reprise Records , and released a string of successful albums . In 1965 , he recorded the retrospective September of My Years , starred in the Emmy-winning television special Frank Sinatra : A Man and His Music , and released the tracks `` Strangers in the Night '' and `` My Way '' . After releasing Sinatra at the Sands , recorded at the Sands Hotel and Casino in Vegas with frequent collaborator Count Basie in early 1966 , the following year he recorded one of his most famous collaborations with Tom Jobim , the album Francis Albert Sinatra & Antonio Carlos Jobim . It was followed by 1968 's collaboration with Duke Ellington . Sinatra retired for the first time in 1971 , but came out of retirement two years later and recorded several albums and resumed performing at Caesars Palace , and reached success in 1980 with `` New York , New York '' . Using his Las Vegas shows as a home base , he toured both within the United States and internationally until a short time before his death in 1998 .   Sinatra forged a highly successful career as a film actor . After winning an Academy Award for From Here to Eternity , he starred in The Man with the Golden Arm ( 1955 ) , and received critical acclaim for his performance in The Manchurian Candidate ( 1962 ) . He appeared in various musicals such as On the Town ( 1949 ) , Guys and Dolls ( 1955 ) , High Society ( 1956 ) , and Pal Joey ( 1957 ) , winning another Golden Globe for the latter . Toward the end of his career , he became associated with playing detectives , including the title character in Tony Rome ( 1967 ) . Sinatra would later receive the Golden Globe Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1971 . On television , The Frank Sinatra Show began on ABC in 1950 , and he continued to make appearances on television throughout the 1950s and 1960s . Sinatra was also heavily involved with politics from the mid-1940s , and actively campaigned for presidents such as Harry S. Truman , John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan , though before Kennedy 's death Sinatra 's alleged Mafia connections led to his being snubbed .   While Sinatra never formally learned how to read music , he had an impressive understanding of it , and he worked very hard from a young age to improve his abilities in all aspects of music . A perfectionist , renowned for his dress sense and performing presence , he always insisted on recording live with his band . His bright blue eyes earned him the popular nickname `` Ol' Blue Eyes '' . Sinatra led a colorful personal life , and was often involved in turbulent affairs with women , such as with his second wife Ava Gardner . He went on to marry Mia Farrow in 1966 and Barbara Marx in 1976 . Sinatra had several violent confrontations , usually with journalists he
... If you mean "summer" vs "winter", it's the tilt of the Earth's axis influencing how much atmosphere the sun's rays have to penetrate. If you mean "last week" vs "this week"... or "yesterday" vs "today" even... air pressure systems play a part. In a "high pressure system", were a local area is under a higher-than-average atmospheric pressure, it tends to be a hot and clear day. When a local area is under a "low pressure system" with a lower-than-average atmospheric pressure, it tends to be cooler and cloudier and rainy.
Not to discourage any further answers but you might like these while you wait: [What did being wealthy look like in the Bronze Age?](_URL_3_) by /u/Bentresh (this one has a lot on lifestyle) [I'm a Royal Princess in Ancient Egypt. What Do I Do with My Time?](_URL_0_) by /u/ianwill93 [What exactly did Egyptian Pharaohs do? What were their duties and responsibilities?](_URL_2_) by /u/cleopatra_philopater But also this changed over time and you might like this: [Ancient Egypt is often described as the longest continuous human civilization, and seems to have maintained a surprising amount of cultural continuity. How accurate is this description? If so why were they able to maintain continuity so much more than other civilizations?](_URL_1_) by /u/Bentresh
What Is HPV? What Is HPV? Articles On HPV/Genital Warts Overview Symptoms & Tests Treatment Vaccines HPV & Cervical Cancer HPV in Men HPV stands for human papillomavirus. It’s very common. Many people don't have any symptoms, and the infection might go away on its own. But some types of HPV can lead to cervical cancer or cancer of the anus or penis. HPV isn’t just one virus. There are more than 100 kinds, and some are riskier than others. Types of HPVEach HPV virus has its own number or type. The term "papilloma" refers to a kind of wart that results from some HPV types. HPV lives in thin, flat cells called epithelial cells. These are found on the skin's surface. They’re also found on the surface of the vagina, anus, vulva, cervix and head of the penis. They’re also found inside the mouth and throat. Continue Reading Belowyou might like About 60 of the 100 HPV types cause warts on areas like the hands or feet. The other 40 or so enter the body during sexual contact. They’re drawn to the body's mucus membranes, such as the moist layers around the anus and genitals. High-Risk, Low-Risk Not all of the 40 sexually transmitted HPV viruses cause serious health problems. High-risk HPV strains include HPV 16 and 18, which cause about 70% of cervical cancers. Other high-risk HPV viruses include 31, 33, 45, 52, 58, and a few others. Low-risk HPV strains, such as HPV 6 and 11, cause about 90% of genital warts, which rarely develop into cancer. These growths can look like bumps. Sometimes, they’re shaped like cauliflower. The warts can show up weeks or months after you’ve had sex with an infected partner.1 2 View All Next In HPV/Genital Warts Symptoms & Tests 
What are some of the best ways to clean a lint brush?
Russia has the only transportation to/from the ISS. If they don't want to transport US astronauts we can't force them.
During the years 1940-1955, the rate of decline in the U.S. death rate accelerated from 2% per year to 8% per year, then returned to the historical rate of 2% per year. The dramatic decline in the immediate post-war years has been attributed to the rapid development of new treatments and vaccines for infectious disease that occurred during these years. Vaccine development continued to accelerate, with the most notable achievement of the period being Jonas Salk's 1954 development of the polio vaccine under the funding of the non-profit National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis. The vaccine process was never patented, but was instead given to pharmaceutical companies to manufacture as a low-cost generic. In 1960 Maurice Hilleman of Merck Sharp & Dohme identified the SV40 virus, which was later shown to cause tumors in many mammalian species. It was later determined that SV40 was present as a contaminant in polio vaccine lots that had been administered to 90% of the children in the United States. The contamination appears to have originated both in the original cell stock and in monkey tissue used for production. In 2004 the United States Cancer Institute announced that it had concluded that SV40 is not associated with cancer in people.
Which is the richest state in India?
- The 13 classic Macbook is not worth it. You'd be better off with the base 13. Macbook Air. Better processor, graphics, fast SSD, much better battery life, and much lighter.
Jim Noir Jim Noir Jim Noir (born 1982) is the stage name of Alan Roberts, an English singer-songwriter from Davyhulme, Greater Manchester. He has released four albums to date, 2005's "Tower of Love", 2008's self-titled LP "Jim Noir", 2012's "Jimmy's Show" and 2014's "Finnish Line", as well as a number of EPs. Noir's stage name is in homage to Vic Reeves, whose real name is Jim Moir. His early releases, including "Tower of Love" as well as all of the preceding EPs, were self-recorded at his parents' home in Davyhulme, Manchester. Noir's music has been described as psychedelic pop electronica with simplistic,
American Revolution The Boston Massacre occurred on March 5, 1770 when British soldiers in Boston opened fire on a group of American colonists killing five men.Townsend Acts. Prior to the Boston Massacre the British had instituted a number of new taxes on the American colonies including taxes on tea, glass, paper, paint, and lead.he Boston Massacre occurred on March 5, 1770 when British soldiers in Boston opened fire on a group of American colonists killing five men.
- Select your Start Date and End Date. We can hold your mail from 3 to 30 days in a row. You can select how you would like to receive your mail on your selected end date. For hold times greater than 30 days, please sign up for USPS Forward Mail Service. Please note Hold Mail requests can't be processed on Sundays or holidays. Calendar Key:
Find Out How Long Nicotine Stays in Your Blood Find Out How Long Nicotine Stays in Your Blood Nicotine is a stimulant drug that is found in tobacco products. There are thousands of chemicals in tobacco plants, and even more are added in the cigarette manufacturing process. But nicotine is the component that gives cigarettes their addictive quality. Nicotine is a naturally occurring liquid alkaloid that makes up about 5 percent (by weight) of the tobacco plant. Urine nicotine tests can detect the drug for up to 20 days, while it is usually shorter in blood tests. The Effects of Nicotine When you smoke a cigarette, you are consuming 1 mg of nicotine, which is enough to produce a stimulating effect on your nervous system. In a small dosage, nicotine boosts mood, improves memory and cognition, decreases appetite, relieves depression, and increases brain activity. After you inhale nicotine by smoking, it is metabolized in the body, so it can be detected in blood, urine, and saliva. How long does nicotine stay in your blood? Nicotine is usually detectable in a blood test for 1-3 days after the consumption of a tobacco product. * However, the length of time that nicotine stays in your system may vary based on how much or how often you smoke, and may also be affected by your age and general health. In addition, sometimes cotinine levels are used to determine nicotine’s presence in the body. Cotinine is what nicotine becomes when it is metabolized in the body. If this is the case, it can take 1-10 days. Urine Nicotine Test and Saliva Test If you’re wondering how long nicotine stays in your blood, you may also be interested in how long it stays in your urine or saliva since these tests are also used to detect nicotine in the body. In urine nicotine tests, it can usually be detected for 3-4 days, but in more passive smokers, it can remain for up to 15-20 days. In a saliva test, which is the most accurate test, nicotine can be detected for more than 10 hours or up to 2-4 days. *There are ways to effectively clear nicotine from your system, most of which include eating a healthy diet, drinking plenty of water, and getting exercise. If you are looking to get tested for nicotine levels, or you simply want more information or consultation on your tobacco use, Fast Med Urgent Care would be happy to help. Our walk in clinics are open 365 days a year with extended hours. We also accept most major insurance plans so quality healthcare is available to you at a low cost. At Fast Med, our mission is to serve our communities and patients with a high level of quality, personal care, affordable and convenient urgent care, family practice, and other specialty medicine services. Want more information? Visit our FAQ page!Share this Page Find a Location Use Current Location OR 
AFTER-CARE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLINGS AFTER-CARE INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLINGSYour anesthesia will wear off in approximately 1 to 3 hours after the procedure. It is very important not to chew on the numb side (to prevent biting tongue, lip, etc.) until the anesthesia wears off. Children should be observed until the anesthesia has worn off. Due to the strange feeling of the anesthetic, many children chew on the inside of their cheeks, lips and tongue which can cause serious damage. Your tooth (or teeth) may be sensitive to hot, cold or pressure from this procedure. This is completely normal. The possible symptoms of hot, cold or pressure sensitivity will cease within a few days to a couple of weeks. In very few instances, this sensitivity could last longer than a couple of weeks. As long as your teeth or gums are continuing to feel better, (not staying the same, or getting worse) everything is fine, and there is no need for concern. Once the anesthesia has worn off, if you feel as though any of the teeth we have worked on are hitting first when you bite down, please give our office a call immediately. This imbalance with your bite may cause further discomfort and should be adjusted. The gum tissue could have been irritated during the procedure and may be sore for a few days. The anesthetic injection site may also feel sore or bruised. With silver fillings, you should not chew hard foods or chew directly on the new fillings for the first 24 hours. If possible, chew only on the opposite side of your mouth. Composite (white) fillings set up right away and can be chewed on as soon as the anesthetic wears off. If you have any other questions or concerns, please call our office. 
. February 6, 2005America remains a nation at war, fighting adversaries who threaten our civilization and way of life. The most significant aspect of our current strategic reality is that the Global War on Terror in which we are now engaged will be a protracted one. The Army's primary mission is to provide necessary forces and capabilities to the Combatant Commanders in support of the National Security and Defense Strategies. We have more than 300,000 Soldiers deployed or forward stationed today to support operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters of war and to deter aggression, while securing the homeland. We are fighting today while simultaneously preparing for tomorrow. To continue to accomplish our mission, we are aggressively restructuring the Army. We are transforming from a force designed for contingency operations in the post-Cold War era to a force designed for continuous operations in a new era that presents challenges to the Nation ranging from traditional to potentially catastrophic. The Army is dependent upon the resources requested in the fiscal year 2006 President's Budget, coupled with emergency supplemental appropriations, to support current operations. These funds will also enable the force to recover from the stress placed on equipment and Soldiers during combat and continually "reset" itself for future deployments. Moreover, these resources are required to continue to transform the Army into a larger, more powerful force built on self-sufficient brigade-based modules. This force will be more flexible, more rapidly deployable and better able to sustain the protracted military campaigns and conduct the joint, expeditionary operations required by the 21st century security environment. We are sustaining our global commitments while making tremendous progress in our transformation. We will need the continued support of the Congress, the President, and the American people to accomplish our mission today and tomorrow, while providing for the well-being of our All-Volunteer Soldiers, their families and our civilian workforce who are serving the Nation in this time of war. NEXT 
Early on, American courts, even after the Revolution, often did cite contemporary English cases. This was because appellate decisions from many American courts were not regularly reported until the mid-19th century; lawyers and judges, as creatures of habit, used English legal materials to fill the gap. But citations to English decisions gradually disappeared during the 19th century as American courts developed their own principles to resolve the legal problems of the American people. The number of published volumes of American reports soared from eighteen in 1810 to over 8,000 by 1910. By 1879 one of the delegates to the California constitutional convention was already complaining: "Now, when we require them to state the reasons for a decision, we do not mean they shall write a hundred pages of detail. We [do] not mean that they shall include the small cases, and impose on the country all this fine judicial literature, for the Lord knows we have got enough of that already."
It would be a stretch, for sure, but one could potentially argue we already have. I hope you don't mind a ramble. The product of black holes "feeding" is that they give off unfathomable amounts of radiation. Some of this radiation may be in the visible spectrum, or may make its way into the visible spectrum from interaction and re-emission.  Now here is where the stretch comes in. Solar panels. Direct imaging of the vicinity of black holes has happened, and the total number of solar panel surface area far exceeds that of any telescope. So, I would say it is safe to assume that at some point in time, light emitted from a black hole has made its way all the way to earth to strike a solar panel (about 15% effective) and knocked on an electron to generate current that was then put to some use.  Probably heating a hippy's coffee.
Last name:  Ramage In this instance the nickname was for an unpredictable, wild individual, from the Middle English and Old French word ramage meaning wild, used of a hawk or other bird of prey living in the branches. The derivation is from the medieval Latin ramaticus, from ramus, branch.
This comment is not toxic.
This comment is not toxic.
Classical period (music) proximity to others. Franz Liszt and Frédéric Chopin visited Vienna when they were young, but they then moved on to other cities. Composers such as Carl Czerny, while deeply influenced by Beethoven, also searched for new ideas and new forms to contain the larger world of musical expression and performance in which they lived. Renewed interest in the formal balance and restraint of 18th century classical music led in the early 20th century to the development of so-called Neoclassical style, which numbered Stravinsky and Prokofiev among its proponents, at least at certain times in their careers. The Baroque guitar, with
Nope, there will be no real difference. Your body has plenty of time to work through normal calorie amounts and use up every bit of it. You're absolutely right about possible differences in feeling hungry. People often suggest having multiple smaller meals over the course of the day to help even out your blood sugar and hunger.
SAT Subject Tests The Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) Subject Tests are intended to assist the high school student in highlighting his or her academic excellence and achievement in specific subjects.
Categorification of Legendrian knots
Fjord From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other uses, see Fjord (disambiguation). Geirangerfjord, Norway Geologically, a fjord or fiord ( / ˈ f j ɔːr d / ( listen), / f i ˈ ɔːr d / ( listen)) [1] is a long, narrow inlet with steep sides or cliffs, created by a glacier. [2] There are many fjords on the coasts of Alaska, British Columbia, Chile, Greenland, Iceland, the Kerguelen Islands, New Zealand, Norway, Novaya Zemlya, Labrador, Nunavut, Newfoundland, Scotland, and Washington state. [3]Norway's coastline is estimated at 29,000 kilometres (18,000 mi) with 1,190 fjords, but only 2,500 kilometres (1,600 mi) when fjords are excluded. [4] [5]Contents [ hide ]1 Formation2 Fjord features and variations2.1 Hydrology2.2 Coral reefs2.3 Skerries2.4 Epishelf lakes3 Etymology3.1 Scandinavian usage4 Differences in definitions5 Freshwater fjords5.1 Great Lakes6 Locations6.1 Principal glaciated regions6.2 Other glaciated or formerly glaciated regions6.3 Extreme fjords7 See also8 Notes8.1 Bibliography9 External links Formation [ edit]A glacier in eastern Greenland flowing through a fjord carved by the movement of ice Illustration of how a fjord is created A true fjord is formed when a glacier cuts a U-shaped valley by ice segregation and abrasion of the surrounding bedrock. [6] Glacial melting is accompanied by the rebounding of Earth's crust as the ice load and eroded sediment is removed (also called isostasy or glacial rebound). In some cases this rebound is faster than sea level rise. Most fjords are deeper than the adjacent sea; Sognefjord, Norway, reaches as much as 1,300 m (4,265 ft) below sea level. Fjords generally have a sill or shoal (bedrock) at their mouth caused by the previous glacier's reduced erosion rate and terminal moraine. [7] In many cases this sill causes extreme currents and large saltwater rapids (see skookumchuck ). Saltstraumen in Norway is often described as the world's strongest tidal current. These characteristics distinguish fjords from rias (e.g. the Bay of Kotor ), which are drowned valleys flooded by the rising sea. Drammensfjorden is cut almost in two by the Svelvik "ridge", a sandy moraine that during the ice cover was under sea level but after the post-glacial rebound reaches 60 meters above the fjord. [8]Jens Esmark in the 19th century introduced the theory that fjords are or have been created by glaciers. [9] Thresholds at the mouths and overdeepening of fjords compared to the ocean are the strongest evidence of glacial origin, [10] and these thresholds are mostly rocky. Thresholds are related to sounds and low land where the ice could spread out and therefore have less erosive force. John Walter Gregory argued that fjords are of tectonic origin and that glaciers had a negligible role in their formation. Gregory's views were rejected by subsequent research and publications. In the case of Hardangerfjord the fractures of the Caledonian fold has guided the erosion by glaciers, while there is no clear relation between the direction of Sognefjord and the fold pattern. [9] This relationship between fractures and direction of fjords is also observed in Lyngen. [11]Muldalsfossen waterfall drops several hundred meters from the Muldalen hanging valley to Tafjorden. Hanging valleys are common along glaciated fjords and U-shaped valleys. A hanging valley is a tributary valley that is higher than the main valley and were created by tributary glacier flows into a glacier of larger volume. The shallower valley appears to be 'hanging' above the main valley or a fjord. Often, waterfalls form at or near the outlet of the upper valley. [12] Hanging valleys also occur under water in fjord systems. The branches of Sognefjord are for instance much shallower than the main fjord. The mouth of Fjærlandsfjord is about 400 meters deep while the main fjord is 1200 meters nearby. The mouth of Ikjefjord is only 50 meters deep while the main fjord is around 1300 meters at the same point. [10]Fjord features and variations [ edit]Distribution of ice (white) in Europe during the last glacial period Hydrology
- The four types of oculocutaneous albinism each result from mutations in a single gene: TYR, OCA2, TYRP1, or SLC45A2. Changes in the TYR gene cause type 1; mutations in the OCA2 gene are responsible for type 2; TYRP1 mutations cause type 3; and changes in the SLC45A2 gene result in type 4.he four types of oculocutaneous albinism each result from mutations in a single gene: TYR, OCA2, TYRP1, or SLC45A2. Changes in the TYR gene cause type 1; mutations in the OCA2 gene are responsible for type 2; TYRP1 mutations cause type 3; and changes in the SLC45A2 gene result in type 4.
Tidal wave, of sorts, hits Alaska -- to joy of surfers, kayakers GIRDWOOD, Alaska — Mother Nature put on a show near Anchorage, and it had nothing to do with Venus and the sun. The largest bore tide of the summer arrived in Turnagain Arm on Tuesday evening, drawing hundreds of people to highway pullouts south of Anchorage. It also drew a few surfers and kayakers hoping to take advantage of a real wave in Alaska. It was fantastic, said surfer Sue Ives of Anchorage. It was a bluebird day. The water was glassy. I guess this is supposed to be the biggest bore tide of the year, so it was a pretty great ride. The bore tide is an actual tidal wave, said Michael Lawson, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Anchorage. The bore tide is a true tidal wave in the sense that it's controlled by the tide and is largely due to the gravitational influence of the sun and moon.
_URL_0_ Yes, oxygen from the air significantly contributes to oxygen levels in the epidermis and dermis. That said, the internal organs are quite a bit further away, I doubt you can skydive and survive. Your lungs have a surface area of 100 square meters, you of 2 square meters. Diffusion decreases with pressure so I doubt you'd absorb oxygen that fast.
A Lawsuit over OJ Simpson Murder Trial Suit A Lawsuit over OJ Simpson Murder Trial Suit By Maryam K. Ansari, Esq. on March 3, 2010 11:54 AMRon Goldman's dad is trying to get his hands on the suit that his son's accused murderer was wearing on the day he was acquitted. In case you don't remember who Ron Goldman was, Ron Goldman was the man allegedly killed by former football star, OJ Simpson in 1994. But how could anyone remember all the names and details of the OJ Simpson murder trial, after all, it was only the highest profile murder trial in recent history. Fred Goldman, the father of Ron Goldman, filed a lawsuit to get O. J. 's suit -- the suit he was wearing the day of his acquittal, to satisfy a $33.5 million wrongful death judgment. In 1997, a civil jury found OJ Simpson liable for the death of Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson. You see, despite the fact that a criminal jury in the OJ Simpson murder trial found Simpson innocent, a civil jury was still able to come up with a different verdict. That's because the burden of proof is less in civil court. So, where a criminal jury had to find Simpson guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, a civil jury needed to prove that Simpson was more likely than not responsible for the deaths. Of course, a civil jury can't convict Simpson. But nevertheless, a huge judgment was awarded to the families of the victims, finding OJ Simpson liable. As for Fred Goldman, a settlement conference is scheduled. The suit worn that day is currently with Simpson's manager. As for Simpson, he's ironically in jail for robbery. Related Resources Lawyers to try to sort out who gets O. J. Simpson's suit (LA Now)Why O. J. Simpson is Unlikely to Receive a New Trial on the Kidnapping and Robbery Charges of Which He Was Convicted (Find Law's Writ)Wrongful death (provided by Kessler Di Giovanni & Jesuele, LLP)Monetary Damages in Wrongful Death Cases (provided by Beale, Micheaels & Slack, P. C.)Get the best of our blogs delivered to your inbox: subscribe to Find Law Newsletters! Enjoy this post? Find it helpful? Let us know by sharing it with your friends... Categories: Celebrities in Jail 
Invasor (horse) Invasor (horse) Invasor (foaled August 3, 2002) is a Thoroughbred racehorse bred in Argentina by Haras Clausan (Haras Santa Ines). The winner of the 2005 Triple Crown in Uruguay, he was later purchased by Sheik Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who paid approximately US$1.4 million for the horse. His two biggest wins were the 2006 Breeders' Cup Classic, in which he defeated heavily favored Bernardini and highly fancied Lava Man, and the 2007 Dubai World Cup, the world's richest horse race. He finished racing with a record of eleven wins in twelve starts and career earnings of $7,804,070. He was
Can Electricity travel through a vacuum? Space is a vacuum, I believe the sun emits electrical impulses to us that we can detect. Yes Electricity can travel through vacuum.
- Haleakala National Park. Mt. Haleakala is the largest mountain in the Pacific. It’s magnificent beauty and inspiring enormity has inspired both Hawaiians and tourists for centuries. Located on the island of Maui, Haleakala National Park is also one of the most diversely beautiful national parks in the United States. In a 2-hour drive to the summit of Mount Haleakala, a visitor passes through as many ecological zones as on a journey from Canada to Mexico.
This comment is not toxic.
Assuming you take the date of radio discovery, and ignore the problem of signal strength, then you're looking at however many stars lie within about 130 light years. It's a lot. [This map shows all the stars within just 50 light years](_URL_0_), and even then only the ones visible to the naked eye. There's 133 of them, and that is estimated to be 10% of the total number. So, lets say there's 13,300 within 50 light years. Scaling that up to a sphere with a radius of 130 light years (assuming the same average frequency) gets you a number in the region of 234,000 stars. EDIT - if 133 is 10%, the total should be 1,330, not 13,300.
It's a very broad term. Executive Producers can in theory make decisions about the production they are working on, but the credit can come about for various reasons. One of the products I worked on for example had an Executive Producer credit to a celebrity. He didn't really do much in the grand scheme of things, mostly approved certain concepts. On the other hand one of our internal Executive Producers basically drive the whole project and was answerable only to the CEO (so his decisions were pretty much final and he had a lot of control). But nobody gives a shit about a person they haven't heard of so this producer's name was not all over the marketing materials, despite having significantly more influence.
Cattle Types of cattle that are used for beef: 1  Angus, which are medium-sized black, polled cattle, originating from Angus in Scotland. 2  Angus cattle are known for excellent quality beef, and ability to be used in cross-breeding, such as crossing Angus onto Hereford cows or heifers to get black-baldies.ypes of cattle that are used for beef: 1  Angus, which are medium-sized black, polled cattle, originating from Angus in Scotland. 2  Angus cattle are known for excellent quality beef, and ability to be used in cross-breeding, such as crossing Angus onto Hereford cows or heifers to get black-baldies.
10 things to know about 800K DACA recipients, 'dreamers' and Trump 8. What about the benefits they take? And do they have Social Security numbers? Once DACA applicants are approved and receive a temporary employment authorization card, they can apply for a Social Security Number. Under this number, they can report wages and pay taxes. DACA beneficiaries cannot receive federal benefits such as welfare and food stamps. Some states allow for state-funded benefits, but Arizona specifically prohibits it. In this Aug. 15, 2017, file photo, a woman holds up a signs in support of the Obama administration program known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, during an immigration reform rally at the White House in Washington.
While the housing and credit bubbles were building, a series of factors caused the financial system to both expand and become increasingly fragile, a process called financialization. U.S. Government policy from the 1970s onward has emphasized deregulation to encourage business, which resulted in less oversight of activities and less disclosure of information about new activities undertaken by banks and other evolving financial institutions. Thus, policymakers did not immediately recognize the increasingly important role played by financial institutions such as investment banks and hedge funds, also known as the shadow banking system. Some experts believe these institutions had become as important as commercial (depository) banks in providing credit to the U.S. economy, but they were not subject to the same regulations.
Symptoms of Common cold Symptoms of Common cold Intro Symptoms Types Causes Tests Prognosis Treatment Prevention Misdiagnosis Must Reads in Health Protecting Your Skin During Winter Watch: My Personal Psoriasis Journey Are You Getting The Best Cancer Care? Keeping An Active Lifestyle With COPDLiver Disease? Find a Doc Who Treats PBCAre You Allergic To Your Clothes? Why Psoriasis Treatments Can Fail Contents Common cold: Introduction Symptoms Overview List of Symptoms of Common cold Tests to Confirm Diagnosis Home Diagnostic Testing Alternative Diagnoses Misdiagnosis information Complications More about Symptoms Article Excerpts Medical articles Symptoms of Common cold: Introduction Symptoms of the common cold are generally mild and include runny nose, sneezing, and nasal congestion. Symptoms can vary depending on the specific type of virus causing the common cold. Some people can also experience fever, cough, body aches, headache, fatigue, post-nasal drip, and sore throat. In some people, the common cold can break down the body's defences and result in more serious infections. These diseases include pneumonia, acute bronchitis, otitis media, sinusitis, and the worsening of asthma. Certain populations are more at risk for getting the common cold and developing complications. They include infants, people who have a suppressed or compromised immune system, an immunodeficiency disorder, or a chronic disease or disorder, such as diabetes or cardiovascular disease .... more about Common cold »Symptoms of Common cold The list of signs and symptoms mentioned in various sources for Common cold includes the 20 symptoms listed below: Runny nose Sneezing Tearing Blocked nose Sore throat Scratchy throat Cough Headache Mild fever Mild chills Sinus swelling High fever - usually only in infants and young children, and a fever in these patients is serious. Tearing eyes Fatigue Nasal congestion Chills Loss of appetite Impaired sense of smell Impaired sense of taste Fever - usually only in infants and young childrenmore information...»Research symptoms & diagnosis of Common cold: Overview -- Common cold Diagnostic Tests for Common cold Home Diagnostic Testing Complications -- Common cold Doctors & Specialists Misdiagnosis and Alternative Diagnoses Hidden Causes of Common cold Other Causes -- causes of these or similar symptoms Common cold: Symptom Checkers Review the available symptom checkers for these symptoms of Common cold: Runny nose -- Symptom Checker Sneezing -- Symptom Checker Blocked nose -- Symptom Checker Sore throat -- Symptom Checker Cough -- Symptom Checker Headache -- Symptom Checker Mild fever -- Symptom Checker Sinus swelling -- Symptom Checker High fever -- Symptom Checker Fatigue -- Symptom Checker Nasal congestion -- Symptom Checker Chills -- Symptom Checker Loss of appetite -- Symptom Checker Fever -- Symptom Checker Common cold: Symptom Assessment Questionnaires Review the available Assessment Questionnaires for the symptoms of Common cold: Runny nose -- Assessment Questionnaire Cough -- Assessment Questionnaire Headache -- Assessment Questionnaire Fatigue -- Assessment Questionnaire Chills -- Assessment Questionnaire Loss of appetite -- Assessment Questionnaire Fever -- Assessment Questionnaire Common cold: Complications Review medical complications possibly associated with Common cold: Secondary bacterial infections Otitis media Sinus infections Earache Pneumonia Bronchopneumonia ( type of Pneumonia )Bronchitismore complications...»Research More About Common cold Do I have Common cold? Common cold: Introduction Common cold: Diagnostic Testing to confirm diagnosis Home Diagnostic Testing Alternative diagnoses and misdiagnosis for Common cold How serious is it? Treatments for Common cold Alternative treatments for Common cold More about Common cold Common cold: Medical Mistakes Asthma -- Health Mistakes Allergies -- Health Mistakesmore mistakes...»Common cold: Undiagnosed Conditions Diseases that may be commonly undiagnosed in related medical areas: Chronic Respiratory Disorders that may be Undiagnosed: Asthma -- Undi
House Framing Cost Labor: $2-$12+ Per Square Foot Materials: $3-$12+ Per Square Foot E-mail Post Tweet Comments (8)Whether building a new house or constructing an addition to an existing home, once the foundation and utilities are in place the next step is framing -- erecting the basic skeleton of the structure, creating its essential support and shape. The frame of a house carries the weight load of the roof down to the foundation so the entire structure is supported, and provides a weather-tight barrier against the elements. Typical costs: Framing projects are typically bid by the square foot and the complexity of the project (steep roofs, vaulted ceilings or "cut up" roofs that are not standard rectangles all cost more). Framing carpenters are usually subcontractors who work for a general contractor on a specific building project; most framing contractors provide labor only, with the general contractor (or the owner-builder) buying the materials separately. In some areas a framing project includes only basic framing while elsewhere it's standard for framers to install roof shingles, doors, windows and house wrap. Some framers charge for each square foot under the roof; others charge only for living spaces; and still others others have different rates for living spaces compared to a garage or covered porch. Framing labor can cost $2-$12 or a more a square foot, or $3,500-$36,000 for a 1,600- to 3,000-square-foot home, depending on location and what's included. An average house framing labor rate nationwide is about $6-$8 a square foot, or $10,000-$25,000 for 1,600-3,000 square feet. For example, at Do It Yourself.com [ 1] a homeowner reports paying $12,000 for framing labor for a 1,600-square-foot home plus basement and two-car garage, or about $7.50 a square foot. At Owner Builder Book.com [ 2] a Tennessee homeowner reports a bid of $5.50 a square foot for 2,900 square feet of living space and $2.25 a square foot for 850 square feet of garage and porch, or about $17,900, including installing roof shingles, doors and windows; and a Seattle area resident received bids of $25,000-$64,000 for framing labor for 4,100 square feet plus a 950-square-foot garage and 325-square-foot porch ($6-$11.90 a square foot). Some new homes might use steel framing, but most residential construction is done with wood framing. Framing materials typically cost more than labor. It can cost $3-$12 or more a square foot based on the current price of lumber (or steel) and the size and design of the structure. For example, at Garden Web.com [ 3] a Pacific Northwest resident reports on two projects: a 5,600-square-foot, two-story home with a three-car garage and 9'-10' tall ceilings at $42,000 for lumber (about $7.50 a square foot) and $27,500 for labor ($4.91 a square foot), or $69,500 total framing costs ($12.41 a square foot); and a 3,500-square-foot single-story home with vaulted ceilings and bonus room over a three-car garage at $30,000 for lumber (about $8.53 a square foot) and $18,000 for labor (about $5.15 a square foot) or $48,000 total (about $13.72 a square foot). Related articles: Building a Custom Home, Home Addition, House Foundation, House Wrap What should be included: Wall sections are typically constructed on the ground or floor surface, then raised into place. Precision is important; in a poorly framed finished house the drywall may not be flat, the floors could squeak and the doors might not close properly. Als Net Biz.com illustrates and defines basic framing terms [ 4] . A framing company posts a video of the framing process [ 5] . This Old House lists framing tips [ 6] and Ask The Builder.com explains roof framing basics [ 7] . An average 1,800-square-foot house typically takes two to three weeks to frame, according to Info For Building.com [ 8] . Shopping for house framing: The American Forest and Paper Association explains Conventional Wood Frame Construction [ 9] . An owner-builder buying framing materials should take a set of plans to at least three lumber yards for a list of the individual quantities and costs. This Old 
A15 Light Bulbs A15 Light Bulbs List Price: $2.20Your Discount Price: $1.58Item Number: (If no item # is displayed, then choose options)Choose Options: Watts: Finish: Quantity: A15 light bulbs are also known as appliance lighting and have a shape that is smaller than a regular light bulb that you would use in a home. Often used in refrigerators and ovens for general illumination in enclosed appliances. Product Details A15 light bulbs are smaller than a regular light bulb that you would use in a home. They are made smaller to fit into ovens, refrigerators and tight spaces and even ceiling fans many times. The neck is shorter and the bulb portion is smaller than the common style A19. You can use these anywhere you use a standard light bulb, but it's best to use them where the lighting application fits. As an oven light bulb, these have been the type that's been used for a few decades, so if you're looking for that, this is probably the right one. Some of that is changing, but it's still the most common for the application. Microwave ovens are usually a different type. - A variety of wattage. - Frosted or clear. - Medium, standard light bulb base. - Average rated life of 2000 hours. - A15 light bulbs. Related light fixture or light bulb products: A15 Ceiling Fan Light Bulbs List Price: $4.30Your Discount Price: $3.16A15 ceiling fan light bulbs have a traditional small shape which is smaller than a regular light bulb that you would use in a home. You will find them in ceiling fans and other light fixtures. A19 Low Voltage Light Bulbs List Price: $4.30Your Discount Price: $3.16Low voltage light bulbs are a standard regular size, household light like you use in your home except that they are now available in a 12 volt version. They are used outdoors in post lighting or landscape lights, anything low voltage. Appliance Light Bulbs List Price: $2.20Your Discount Price:$1.58Appliance light bulbs have a traditional A15 shape which is smaller than a regular light bulb that you would use in a home. You will find them in oven light fixtures, refrigerator lighting and probably more applications that use a small light fixture. 
proxy server Part of the Network software glossary: A proxy server is a dedicated computer or a software system running on a computer that acts as an intermediary between an endpoint device, such as a computer, and another server from which a user or client is requesting a service.
How long does it take to get a patent? The average time it takes to obtain a patent from the patent office at this time is about 32 months or a little under 3 years. [See the current wait time statistics at the USPTO website [ here ] (best viewed with Internet Explorer)].
Food processing speeds up spoilage. When the animal is intact, the meat is relatively sterile. The skin prevents any bacteria from getting to the meet and the animals normal enteric flora is contained in the GI tract so the meet remains sterile until one of these barriers is broken. When the animal is butchered much more of the meat is exposed to the environment and often the meat is exposed to bacteria from the animals GI tract. Now that the meat has bacteria on it spoilage is inevitable refrigeration slows the process but eventually the bacteria will grow to a significant population and spoil the meat.
The exective (executive power being the president, police, fbi, etc. at the federal level) has a responsibility to enforce the laws of the land. This is called federative power (if I remember correctly). The attorney general is sort of like the state or city district attorney. So the AG enforces the laws through the court system as a sort of advocate for the president because the president is head of the Executive branch. Does that make sense?
9 tips for kicking ass at Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel 9 tips for kicking ass at Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel By David Roberts 2014-10-13T21:00:00.285Z News Comments Life in zero gravity You might have thought Pandora was an unforgiving wasteland, but you haven't seen anything yet. From insane monsters to even crazier citizens, Pandora's moon Elpis (and the super-laser-equipped space station hovering above it) can pose a serious threat to any Vault Hunter that attempts to tame its harsh galactic wilderness. That's where this guide comes in. While the Pre-Sequel shares many (and I mean many) things in common with prior games, there are a few new features to keep in mind as you explore. And whether you're a newbie to the world of Borderlands or a veteran of the vault, these tips will help you get on your feet and shooting fools in no time. Co-op is way better than single player Hell might be multiplayer in virtually every other scenario, but in Borderlands, other people make the game that much better. The different character classes complement each other, and the numerous dangerous enemies fall much faster under the might of a handful of players. You will have to fight over who gets what loot, though, so keep that in mind. That's not to say solo players will find the game impossible, but they will have a much harder time than those who bring a few friends along, especially by the last third of the game. Having someone there to revive you in case you die makes the massive boss fights that much more palatable. Plus, you'll find yourself taking on more sidequests, as you have to make up for the lack of a buddy with a higher-leveled character. Use the intro level to test out each individual class One positive about the Pre-Sequel is how much faster the game starts out compared to previous entries. Within minutes, you've got your ECHO communicator, and you're off shooting Dahl troops in the face. The intro level means you can find out which class you like before you even make it to Elpis' surface. The Pre-Sequel's intro sees you helping Jack escape from the newly-hijacked Helios Space Station, and this action-packed sequence will not only get you acclimated to the controls, but also to how each class performs. You'll gain a good three or four levels and your main class ability in the span of a half-hour, so if you find that you're not a fan of your chosen class' attacks, don't be afraid to try out another one. Each class' abilities are wildly different from one another, and you'll likely find at least one you enjoy playing as during this time. Take advantage of the lower gravity every chance you get The biggest addition to Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel is Elpis' low-gravity atmosphere, and you should take advantage of it as much as you can. Double-jumping isn't just a great way to maneuver through the various environments, it's also a fantastic opportunity to change up your shooting strategy. Clamber to the top of buildings for vantage points, leap over your foes and shoot them in the face, or slam down on the ground with a well-timed butt slam. You'll also find jump pads strewn about that'll launch you even higher than you could get normally. The verticality adds a whole new element to Borderlands' combat, and use it whenever you can. That said, you need to watch your oxygen levels, as your jump pack uses a little each time you decide to boost. Run out, and you'll watch your air levels slowly deplete. Oxygen vents, air bubbles, and O2 tanks can be found everywhere though, so it's never a huge inconvenience, but it'll catch you unaware if you're not careful. Don't get too attached to your guns Borderlands is known for all of the crazy weapons and items you'll find, and the random loot generator is in full effect here in the Pre-Sequel. This means that there's always some new gun to find around the corner, either by opening up treasure chests or finding them from off the bodies of the recently deceased. Loot drops so frequently, though, that it's hard to get too emotionally attached to any one gun. Use this as an opportunity to expe
What are Spider Lamp Shades? Spider lamp shades are the most common kind of shade for both floor and table lamps. The term spider lamp shade refers to the kind of fitting the shade has. The spider is a cross frame located at or near the top of the shade. A cute dog near a lamp shade. Fittings A table lamp with shade. The term fitting describes how a lamp shade attaches to the lighting fixture. According to Lamps Plus, there are three kinds of lamp-shade fittings with the most popular being spider with harp. Identification Three lamps with shades. To identify a spider lamp shade, look down at the top of the shade. A spider lamp shade will have a circular, washer-like piece of metal right in the center. The round piece of metal will have at least three spider-like arms that are attached to both the washer and the lamp shade. Harps A floor lamp with shade. The harp is an oval piece of wire that attaches to the lamp, goes up and around the light bulb, and has a screw on top that the spider shade lamp shade sits on. According to the Lamp Shade Shop, the harp is a support--on the lamp itself--that holds a washer-spider-type lamp shade in place. Finials A finial is a fancy bolt that attaches to the top of the harp, holding the spider lamp shade in place. Finials are the last piece attached to the top of the lamp and the spider lamp shade. Finials add a decorative finishing touch to spider lamp shades. Stabilizer Clips A fancy lamp with shade. Stabilizer clips can be used to attach a spider lamp shade to other types of lamp-shade fittings--offering options beyond the harp fitting--like the slip uno fitting, which attaches at the light bulb's base. Show Comments 
When you speak your voice vibrates the bones in your skull, this means that your voice sounds much different when recorded that when you speak.  Just going to go and check this a sec. Edit: yep was right
Electrical energy Electrical energy is the energy newly derived from electric potential energy. When loosely used to describe energy absorbed or delivered by an electrical circuit (for example, one provided by an electric power utility) electrical energy talks about energy which has been converted from electrical potential energy.
Miniature horse From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Miniature Horse Miniature horse at show in Europe Other names Mini horse Mini ponies Traits Distinguishing features Small size, with horse phenotype 34–38 inches (86–97 cm) as measured at the last hairs of the mane Equus ferus caballus Miniature horses are found in many nations, particularly in Europe and the Americas. The designation of miniature horse is determined by the height of the animal. Depending on the particular breed registry involved, is usually less than 34–38 inches (86–97 cm) as measured at the last hairs of the mane, which are found at the withers. While miniature horses fit a height-based definition to be considered a very small pony, many retain horse characteristics and are considered "horses" by their respective registries. They have various colors and coat patterns. Miniature horses are generally bred to be friendly and to interact well with people. For this reason they are often kept as family pets, though they still retain natural horse behavior, including a natural fight or flight instinct, and must be treated like an equine, even if they primarily serve as a companion animal. They are also trained as service animals, akin to assistance dogs for people with disabilities. Miniature horses are also trained for driving, equine agility, and other competitive horse show type events. Contents [ hide ]1 Characteristics and registration2 History3 Uses4 Controversies4.1 Horse or pony?4.2 Dwarfism4.3 Assistance animals5 See also6 References7 Further reading8 External links Characteristics and registration [ edit]Miniature horse stallion There are two registries in the United States for miniature horses: the American Miniature Horse Association (AMHA) and the American Miniature Horse Registry (AMHR). The AMHA was founded in 1978 and was dedicated to establishing the Miniature horse as a distinct breed of horse. [1] [2] Many of the international organizations are associated with the AMHA, including clubs throughout Canada and in several European countries. [3] The AMHR is a division of the American Shetland pony Club and was established as a separate registry in 1972. [4] Worldwide, there are dozens of miniature horse registries. Some organizations emphasize breeding of miniatures with horse characteristics, others encourage minis to retain pony characteristics. Along with registries for miniature horses in general, there are also breed-specific registries, such as several for the Falabella horse. [5]In the AMHR, Miniatures cannot exceed 38 inches at the withers (which the AMHR defines as located at the last hair of the mane). There are two divisions in AMHR: the "A" division for horses 34 inches (86 cm) and under, and the "B" division for horses 34 to 38 inches (86 to 97 cm). [6] The AMHA requires that horses stand under 34 inches. Horses of any eye or coat color, and any form of white markings, are allowed to be registered. The AMHA standard suggests that if a person were to see a photograph of a miniature horse, without any size reference, it would be identical in characteristics, conformation, and proportion to a full-sized horse. [1] According to the AMHR, a "Miniature should be a small, sound, well-balanced horse and should give the impression of strength, agility and alertness. A Miniature should be eager and friendly but not skittish in disposition." [4]They are generally quite hardy, often living longer on average than some full-sized horse breeds; the average life span of miniature horses is from 25 to 35 years. [7] However, there are also some health issues that are more frequently found in miniature horses than their full-sized relatives. Overfeeding is a common problem in miniature horses, leading to obesity; this is especially true when owners are used to owning full-sized horses. Dental issues, including crowding, brachygnathism (overbites) and prognathism (underbites) are frequently seen, due to having the same number of teeth in a much smaller mouth. They can also experience retention of deciduous teeth (baby teeth) and s
What sections should I include in the Project Description section of my NSF grant proposal? I am a Ph.D. student, and I am writing my first proposal to the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF) for a research grant in the field of chemistry.

One thing that I have found very confusing is the format of my written proposal.  Specifically, what sections should I include?

The U.S. NSF distributes a very detailed (76 pages) set of guidelines (The National Science Foundation Proposal and Award Policies and Procedures Guide: Part I - Grant Proposal Guide, available in PDF here).  Section IIC2 is about "Sections of the Proposal," but this section only enumerates the following sections that I should include:


a. Cover Sheet
b. Project Summary
c. Table of Contents
d. Project Description
e. References Cited
f. Biographical Sketches
g. Budget
h. Current and Pending Support
i. Facilities, Equipment, and Other Resources
j. Special Information and Supplementary Documentation
k. Appendices


It seems that the Project Description -- at least from the intellectual merit and broader impacts perspective -- will contain the "meat" of my proposal; the Project Description has a 15 page limit.  It is here, I think, that I will discuss my plan of work, the scientific rationale, and the methods that I will apply.  I should also discuss the related work in the literature in this section.  Finally, I should discuss broader impacts of the proposed work.  

But, beyond this, the NSF Guidelines do not seem to be all that specific about sections or section headings within the Project Description section.  Am I free to make my own sections/section headings within the Project Description section?  For example, could I make a section "Previous experimental work," followed by a section "Previous theoretical work," followed by a section "Proposed model description," and so on and so on?  These section headings would be quite specific to my proposed work and the chemical system that I propose to investigate.  Thanks for your time.
- The answer is 10.7639104, because 1 meter is 3.28084 feet and since square is a 2 dimensional shape with all sides equal in length, to calculate how many square feet in a meter, multiply both sides of the area in foot length 3.28084 * 3.28084 = 10.76391.
- Definition of toss salad. 1  to perform analingus; rim.I tossed salad for the first time last week.Man, you toss salad?!She just tossed his salad.Of course he wants some head, but he loves it when I toss his salad.  See more words with the same meaning: analingus.
- The bireme (a ship with two banks of oars), introduced by the Phoenicians in about 700 BC, became the leading warship of the 8th century BC. These vessels became very large, some reputedly having as many as 40 banks of oars, but smaller vessels were again common by the 1st cent.B.C.erodotus tells us that 'The Phoenician ships were the best sailers in the fleet, and the Sidonian the best among the Phoenicians. The contingent of each nation, whether to the fleet or to the land army, had at its head a native leader'.
Jackie Robinson From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Jackie Robinson Second baseman Born: January 31, 1919 Cairo, Georgia Died: October 24, 1972 (aged 53) Stamford, Connecticut Batted: Right Threw: Right MLB debut April 15, 1947 for the Brooklyn Dodgers Last MLB appearance October 10, 1966 for the New York Mets Career statistics Batting average .311Hits 1,518Home runs 137Runs batted in 734Stolen bases 197Teams Negro leagues Kansas City Monarchs (1945)Major League Baseball Brooklyn Dodgers ( 1947 – 1951)New York Giants ( 1951 – 1962)New York Mets ( 1962 – 1966)Career highlights and awards6× All-Star selection ( 1949, 1950, 1951, 1952, 1953, 1954)Negro League All-Star selection (1945)World Series champion (1955)1947 MLB Rookie of the Year1949 NL MVPJersey number 42 retired by all MLB teams Major League Baseball All-Century Team Member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame Induction 1962Vote 77.5% (first ballot)Jack Roosevelt "Jackie" Robinson (January 31, 1919 – October 24, 1972) was the first African-American Major League Baseball (MLB) player of modern times. [1] Robinson broke the baseball color barrier when he debuted with the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947. He was the first black man to openly play in the major leagues since the 1880s. He had a big role in bringing an end to racial segregation in professional baseball. Up to that point, African-Americans could only play in Negro leagues for six decades. [2] His character and skills challenged the usual basis of segregation. At the time, this basis was part of many other pieces of American life. Robinson and his abilities contributed a lot to the civil rights movement. [3] [4]Apart from his cultural impact, Robinson had an overall good baseball career. Over ten seasons, he played in six World Series and helped in the Dodgers' 1955 World Championship. He was selected for six consecutive All-Star Games from 1949 to 1954. [5] Robinson received the first MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947. He also won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949. He was the first black player to win this award. [6] Robinson was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1962. In 1997, Major League Baseball retired his uniform number, 42, across all major league teams. Robinson was also known for his activities outside of baseball. He was the first African-American television analyst in Major League Baseball. He was also the first African-American vice-president of a major American company. In the 1960s, he helped establish the Freedom National Bank, an African-American-owned/controlled financial business based in Harlem, New York. In honor of his achievements on and off the field, Robinson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal after his death. Contents [ hide ]1 Early life1.1 Muir Tech1.2 Pasadena Junior College1.3 UCLA and afterward2 Military career3 Post-military4 Baseball career4.1 Negro leagues4.2 Minor leagues4.3 Major leagues4.3.1 Breaking the color barrier (1947)4.3.2 MVP, Congressional testimony, and movie biography (1948–1950)4.3.3 Pennant races and outside interests (1951–1953)4.3.4 World Championship and retirement (1954–1956)5 Robinson's impact6 Post-baseball life7 Family life and death8 Awards and recognition9 Career statistics10 Notes11 References12 Other websites Early life [ change | change source]Robinson was born on January 31, 1919. His family were sharecroppers in Cairo, Georgia. He was born during a Spanish flu and smallpox epidemic. He was the youngest of five children, after siblings Edgar, Frank, Matthew (nicknamed "Mack"), and Willa Mae. [7] [8] His middle name was in honor of former President Theodore Roosevelt, who died twenty-five days before Robinson was born. [9] [10] After Robinson's father left the family in 1920, they moved to Pasadena, California. [11] [12] [13] The Robinson family lived on a plot with two small houses at 121 Pepper Street in Pasadena. Robinson's mother worked different odd jobs to support the family. [14] Robinson grew up somewhat poor in a fairly rich community. Because of 
Move an oval to follow the cursor java
Voting age being forced to risk their lives in the military without the privileges of voting successfully pressured legislators to lower the voting age nationally and in many states. By 1968, several states had lowered the voting age below 21 years: Alaska and Hawaii's minimum age was 20, Kentucky's was 19, and Georgia's was 18. In 1970, the Supreme Court in "Oregon v. Mitchell" ruled that Congress had the right to regulate the minimum voting age in federal elections; however, not at local and state level. The 26th Amendment (passed and ratified in 1971) prevents states from setting a voting age higher
Donets-Krivoy Rog Soviet Republic The Donetsk–Krivoy Rog Soviet Republic (Russian: Донецко-Криворожская советская республика ) was a self-declared Soviet republic of the Russian SFSR founded on 12 February 1918. The republic claimed "self-determined" territories in treaties of Brest-Litovsk; it was founded three days after the government of Ukraine signed the treaty with Germans, which recognised the borders of Ukrainian People's Republic, within which the Donetsk-Krivoy Rog Soviet Republic was located. On 29 March 1918 it became a republic within Ukrainian Soviet Republic, where it was merged with Ukrainian People's Republic of Soviets (capital in Kharkov, founded 25 December 1917) and Odessa Soviet Republic (founded 1 March 1918), until the last was fully occupied by the German forces according to treaties of Brest-Litovsk.
Bangladesh Bangladesh ( -LSB- bæŋɡləˈdɛʃ -RSB- -LSB- ˌbɑːŋɡləˈdɛʃ -RSB- -LSB- : bn : বাংলাদেশ , বাংলাদেশ -RSB- , -LSB- ˈbaŋlad̪eʃ -RSB- , lit . `` The country of Bengal '' ) , officially the People 's Republic of Bangladesh , is a country in South Asia . It shares land borders with India and Myanmar ( Burma ) . Nepal , Bhutan and China are located near Bangladesh but do not share a border with it . The country 's maritime territory in the Bay of Bengal is roughly equal to the size of its land area . Bangladesh is the world 's eighth most populous country . Dhaka is its capital and largest city , followed by Chittagong , which has the country 's largest port .   Bangladesh forms the largest and eastern part of the Bengal region . Bangladeshis include people of different ethnic groups and religions . Bengalis , who speak the official Bengali language , make up 98 % of the population . The politically dominant Bengali Muslims make the nation the world 's third largest Muslim-majority country . Most of Bangladesh is covered by the Bengal delta , the largest delta on Earth . The country has 700 rivers and 8,046 km ( 5,000 miles ) of inland waterways . Highlands with evergreen forests are found in the northeastern and southeastern regions of the country . Bangladesh has many islands and a coral reef . It is home to the Sundarbans , the largest mangrove forest in the world . The country 's biodiversity includes a vast array of plant and wildlife , including critically endangered Bengal tigers , the national animal .   The Greeks and Romans identified the region as Gangaridai , a powerful kingdom of the historical subcontinent , in the 3rd century BCE . Archaeological research has unearthed several ancient cities in Bangladesh , which had international trade links for millennia . The Bengal Sultanate and Mughal Bengal transformed the region into a cosmopolitan Islamic imperial power between the 14th and 18th centuries . The region was home to many principalities that had inland naval prowess . It was also a notable center of the worldwide muslin and silk trade . As part of British India , the region was influenced by the Bengali renaissance and played an important role in anti-colonial movements . The Partition of British India made East Bengal a part of the Dominion of Pakistan ; and was renamed as East Pakistan . The region witnessed the Bengali Language Movement in 1952 and the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971 . After independence , a parliamentary republic was established . A presidential government was in place between 1975 and 1990 , followed by a return to parliamentary democracy . The country has also been affected by poverty , natural disasters , hunger , dominant party systems and military coups .   Bangladesh is a middle power and a major developing nation . Within South Asia , the country ranks first in gender equality , second in foreign exchange earnings and third in life expectancy and peacefulness . Listed as one of the Next Eleven , its economy ranks 46th in terms of nominal gross domestic product ( GDP ) and 29th in terms of purchasing power parity ( PPP ) . It is one of the largest textile exporters in the world . Its major trading partners are the European Union , the United States , China , India , Japan , Malaysia and Singapore . With its strategically vital location between Southern , Eastern and Southeast Asia , Bangladesh is an important promoter of regional connectivity and cooperation . It is a founding member of SAARC , BIMSTEC , the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar Forum for Regional Cooperation and the Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Initiative . It is also a member of the Commonwealth of Nations , the Developing 8 Countries , the OIC , the Non Aligned Movement , the Group of 77 and the World Trade Organization . Bangladesh is one of the largest contributors to United Nations peacekeeping forces .
Elizabeth Price Main Gallery Videos American Cup Champions Nadia Comăneci • Kathy Johnson • Natalia Tereschenko • Stella Zakharova • Tracee Talavera • Julianne Mc Namara • Mary Lou Retton • Kristie Phillips • Phoebe Mills • Brandy Johnson • Kim Zmeskal • Betty Okino • Kim Zmeskal • Shannon Miller • Dominique Dawes • Kristy Powell • Kerri Strug • Elvire Teza • Viktoria Karpenko • Jennie Thompson • Elena Produnova • Elena Zamolodchikova • Tasha Schwikert • Carly Patterson • Alicia Sacramone (VT) | Chellsie Memmel (UB) | Zhang Nan - Nastia Liukin (BB) | Patricia Moreno (FX) • Nastia Liukin • Shawn Johnson • Nastia Liukin • Jordyn Wieber • Rebecca Bross • Jordyn Wieber • Katelyn Ohashi • Elizabeth Price • Simone Biles • Gabby Douglas • Ragan Smith • Morgan Hurd Start a Discussion Discussions about Elizabeth Price Gymnasts at the US National Training Camp Candycoateddoom [http://www.tripletwistgymnastics.com/2013/04/confirmed-gymnasts-at-training-camp-for.html Triple Twist Gymnastics] have a list of confir... 2013-04-26T20:05:09ZIordache and Price withdraw from the American Cup Candycoateddoom According to USA Gymnastics, Elizabeth Price and Larisa Iordache have withdrawn from the American Cup. Price cited a strained hip muscle as ... 2013-01-24T15:31:22ZSee more discussions >Categories: American gymnast Parkettes National American Cup Champion Stanford University NCAA gymnast Retired from elite Former U. S. National Team Member 
What if You Forgot Your Email to Instagram? To log in to your Instagram account, you need to enter both your username or email, and your password. Unfortunately, you can't log in to your account if you forget the username and email. However, Instagram enables you to recover the username through the Forgot Password form. Even though the form was created to help you recover your password, the email sent by Instagram also contains your username.
29/f4m looking for chatbuddies Hi, I just moved, and it's just me and my laptop tonight. Anyone want to brighten up my night? (not in the US, pm me for contact details :) )

*edit: aim: Asabored
Advance Australia Fair Some of these were minor while others have significantly changed the song. The original song was four verses long. For its adoption as the national anthem, the song was cut from four verses to two. The first verse was kept largely as the 1879 original, except for the change in the first line from " let us rejoice" to " let us rejoice". The second, third and fourth verses of the original were dropped, in favour of a modified version of the new third verse which was sung at Federation in 1901. The original lyrics published in 1879 were as
Mistborn: The Final Empire Mistborn: The Final Empire, also known simply as Mistborn or The Final Empire, is a fantasy novel written by American author Brandon Sanderson. It was published on July 17, 2006 by Tor Books and is the first novel in the "Mistborn trilogy", followed by "" in 2007 and "" in 2008.
There's a lot to say on the subject, but I recommend beginning with my post on the [textual and archaeological evidence for the Philistines](_URL_0_). I provided a bibliography at the end that should be helpful.
Emaciated dog spotted in Mid-City
Wales at the FIFA World Cup Wales at the FIFA World Cup The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The championship has been contested every four years since the first tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, due to World War II. The Wales national football team has entered every World Cup since the 1950 tournament, but to date has only qualified for one World Cup, in 1958. On that occasion, they reached the quarter-finals before being eliminated by eventual winners
Reminder:  Please turn off CSPA charges EVE has an anti-spam "feature" called "Concord Spam Prevention Act charges" (CSPA charges).  Basically, if someone wants to invite you to a conversation or a fleet, they have to pay the fee.

This gets really, really annoying for fleet commanders, because they have to click "OK" on a dialog box, and then pay the fee if they want to invite you.  It's easy to turn the charges off.

*  Open your mail window.
*  Click the little triangle in the mail window's title bar.
*  Select Settings
*  Leave "Require CSPA Charge From Unknown Characters" selected
*  In the box labelled CSPA Charge, set the value to 0.
*  Hit Apply.
ITS-based assessment of Madagascar's fungal diversity and arrival of ectomycorrhizal fungi to the island Madagascar is known for its high diversity and endemism of Fauna and Flora, which makes it particularly interesting for research on diversity and evolution. Fungi, however, have been largely overlooked, and whether fungi exhibit the same patterns as animals and plants has yet to be further examined.

We collected fungal sporocarps and ectomycorrhizal (EcM) roots during opportunistic surveys in five forests in Madagascar and generated a dataset of fungal Internal Transcribed Spacer (ITS) DNA sequences. We analysed them together with all publicly available fungal ITS DNA sequences. We identified 620 Operational Taxonomic Units (OTUs) from Madagascar, 10% of which contained only sequences from our surveys. We found 292 OTUs belonging to EcM species with /russula-lactarius, /boletus, /tomentella-telephora, /cortinarius and /amanita as the most abundant EcM lineages. Overall, sixty percent of all the fungi and 81% of the EcM species found are endemic to Madagascar. Lastly, we conducted a phylogenetic analysis using all the OTUs in Amanitaceae, Boletaceae and Russulaceae families to elucidate their relative timing of arrival in Madagascar. We found that the EcM species from Madagascar in the three families diverged recently (less than 34 mya), long after the separation of India and Madagascar (88 mya), which is consistent with a dispersal mediated process of arrival on the island. Our study provides the first comprehensive view of the current state of knowledge of EcM fungi in Madagascar represented by molecular data useful for ecological and evolutionary studies.
Wang and Nyima argue that the Ming emperor sent edicts to Tibet twice in the second year of the Ming dynasty, and demonstrated that he viewed Tibet as a significant region to pacify by urging various Tibetan tribes to submit to the authority of the Ming court. They note that at the same time, the Mongol Prince Punala, who had inherited his position as ruler of areas of Tibet, went to Nanjing in 1371 to pay tribute and show his allegiance to the Ming court, bringing with him the seal of authority issued by the Yuan court. They also state that since successors of lamas granted the title of "prince" had to travel to the Ming court to renew this title, and since lamas called themselves princes, the Ming court therefore had "full sovereignty over Tibet." They state that the Ming dynasty, by issuing imperial edicts to invite ex-Yuan officials to the court for official positions in the early years of its founding, won submission from ex-Yuan religious and administrative leaders in the Tibetan areas, and thereby incorporated Tibetan areas into the rule of the Ming court. Thus, they conclude, the Ming court won the power to rule Tibetan areas formerly under the rule of the Yuan dynasty.
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
How do you flirt when you pass nearby a girl?
Why airlines are running out of pilots According to data for 14 regional airlines, the average new pilot’s hourly wage is about $24 per hour, the report says. But the Air Line Pilots Association estimates that the average starting salary is even lower than that — $22,500 per year, which for a 40-hour work week equals an hourly rate of $10.75.
The Nation of Islam is to mainstream Islam sort of like what the LDS (ie, Mormonism) is to mainstream Christianity. A movement that is much more recent, has many beliefs and teachings that are either significantly different from or even diametrically opposed to the teachings of the main body of that religion, its own new charismatic prophet whose teachings formed the basis of doctrine, etc.  A lot of (probably the vast majority of) Sunni or Shiite Muslims would argue that the Nation of Islam isn't a form of Islam at all, but a different religion that happens to borrow some of their teachings.
nonproprietary name nonproprietary name. [-prəprī′əter′ē]. Etymology: L, non + proprietas, owner, nomen, name. the chemical or generic name of a drug or device, as distinguished from a brand name or trademark. A nonproprietary name may be indicated by the letters USAN, for United States Adopted Names.
Hummingbirds: 5 Ways to Attract More Hummingbirds are attracted to the bright red coloring on nectar feeders. If your feeder has no red coloring, simply tie red ribbons to the hanging wire. They'll find it. Dish style feeders often have perches so you can get a rare, motionless view of hummingbirds feeding.
Cost Analyst  Salary Job Description for Cost Analyst. Cost analysts are responsible for analyzing and controlling a company's expenses. Their main tasks include developing standard costs, determining product costs, creating a budget, and analyzing differences in company costs and standard costs.
How To Become a Pharmacy Technician Steps on Becoming a Pharmacy Technician. Here are the required steps for you to consider when mapping out your career: 1. High School Diploma/GED: ​ This is the first requirement needed to become eligible for a pharma technician position. 2. Pharmacy technician training program (required in some states). These accredited programs take between 6 months to 2 years to complete. The program is a mix of classroom and laboratory work with an externship. Medical and pharmaceutical terminology.
Child Passenger Safety Age 2 up to at least Age 5: Forward-facing car seat. When children outgrow their rear-facing seats they should be buckled in a forward-facing car seat, in the back seat, until at least age 5 or when they reach the upper weight or height limit of their particular seat.Check the seat’s owner’s manual and/or labels on the seat for weight and height limits.ake sure children are properly buckled up in a car seat, booster seat, or seat belt, whichever is appropriate for their age, height and weight. Birth up to Age 2: Rear-facing car seat.
This same topic came up recently in this thread: _URL_1_ This thread has some good additional resources: _URL_0_ And in this thread, /u/eidetic has an interesting answer that touches more upon the equipment used, but is certainly worth a read: _URL_2_ I wrote up an answer in the first thread, but don't want to just repost it. Hopefully these other threads will help!
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
- Tyson Plant Drops Labor Day for Muslim Holiday. SHELBYVILLE, Tenn. – Workers at a Tyson Foods poultry processing plant in Tennessee have opted to trade a paid Labor Day holiday for the Muslim celebration of Eid al-Fitr.
California Driver Handbook - Lane Control The left or “fast” lane is called the “Number 1 Lane.” The lane to the right of the “Number 1 Lane” is called the “Number 2 Lane,” then the “Number 3 Lane,” etc. Drive in the lane with the smoothest flow of traffic. If you can choose among three lanes, pick the middle lane for the smoothest driving.
According to Timothy Snyder in his book [Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin](_URL_0_), an important reason is Hitler ordered the army to be ruthless based on his belief that that ruthless behavior would make his troops understand that retreat was not an option since they would be targets of revenge if they failed. Snyder's book is essential reading for anyone wanting to understand that period. As for the specifics of your question, he provides long, detailed explanations/descriptions of what happened in Belarus and Ukraine, in addition to the other regions.
Parathyroid Hormone  [en EspaÃ±ol] Personal Health & Wellness Medical Tests Parathyroid Hormone Parathyroid Hormone [en Español]Test Overview A parathyroid hormone (PTH) blood test measures the level of parathyroid hormone in the blood. This test is used to help identify hyperparathyroidism, to find the cause of abnormal calcium levels, or to check the status of chronic kidney disease. PTH controls calcium and phosphorus levels in the blood. PTH is made by the parathyroid glands, which are four pea-sized glands that lie behind the thyroid gland. If the blood calcium level is too low, the parathyroid glands release more PTH. This causes the bones to release more calcium into the blood and reduces the amount of calcium released by the kidneys into the urine. Also, vitamin D is converted to a more active form, causing the intestines to absorb more calcium and phosphorus. If the calcium level is too high, the parathyroid glands release less PTH, and the whole process is reversed. PTH levels that are too high or too low can cause problems with the kidneys and bones and cause changes in calcium and vitamin D levels. Tests for calcium and phosphorus levels in the blood may be done at the same time as a PTH test. Top of Page Why It Is Done Current as of: April 26, 2016Author: Healthwise Staff Medical Review: E. Gregory Thompson, MD - Internal Medicine & Matthew I. Kim, MD - Endocrinology This information does not replace the advice of a doctor. Healthwise, Incorporated, disclaims any warranty or liability for your use of this information. Your use of this information means that you agree to the Terms of Use. Learn how we develop our content . This information is for educational purposes only and is unrelated to health plan benefits or coverage. Services addressed may not be covered under your health plan. If you have questions about your coverage, please refer to your benefit plan document or call the number on the back of your health plan membership ID card. To learn more about Healthwise, visit Healthwise.org .© 1995-2016 Healthwise, Incorporated. Healthwise, Healthwise for every health decision, and the Healthwise logo are trademarks of Healthwise, Incorporated. 
Difference Between Cloak and Cape What is a Cloak? A cloak is a much long clothe that often runs down to the calf of a person. Some cloaks even touch the ground. A cloak becomes a complete dress in itself over whatever a person is wearing. In judiciary and academics, people often wear cloaks to have a distinguished look.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Safety. In case of an emergency, cabin crew need to decide which side of the aircraft is safest to disembark from. Leaving the window shade up allows them to make a quick call.
prolong prolong Also found in: Thesaurus, Legal, Idioms, Encyclopedia .pro·long (prə-lông′, -lŏng′)tr.v. pro·longed, pro·long·ing, pro·longs To lengthen in duration; protract: factors that prolong the drug's effect. [Middle English prolongen, from Old French prolonguer, from Late Latin prōlongāre: Latinprō-, forth; see pro- 1 + Latin longus, long; see del- in Indo-European roots . ]pro·long′er n. American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fifth Edition. Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.prolong ( prəˈlɒŋ) orprolongatevb ( tr) to lengthen in duration or space; extend [C15: from Late Latin prōlongāre to extend, from Latin pro- 1 + longus long]prolongation nproˈlonger nproˈlongment n Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, 12th Edition 2014 © Harper Collins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014pro•long (prəˈlɔŋ, -ˈlɒŋ)v.t.1. to extend the duration of; cause to continue longer.2. to make longer in spatial extent: to prolong a line. [1375–1425; late Middle English < Late Latin prōlongāre to lengthen = prō- pro - 1 + -longāre, v. derivative of longus long 1]pro•long′a•ble, adj.pro•long′a•bly, adv.pro•long′er, n.pro•long′ment, n.syn: See lengthen. Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary, © 2010 K Dictionaries Ltd. Copyright 2005, 1997, 1991 by Random House, Inc. All rights reserved.prolong Past participle: prolonged Gerund: prolonging Imperativeprolongprolong Collins English Verb Tables © Harper Collins Publishers 2011Thesaurus Antonyms Related Words Synonyms Legend: Switch to new thesaurus Verb 1. prolong - lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer; "We prolonged our stay"; "Sheextended her visit by another day"; "The meeting was drawn out until midnight"protract, draw out, extendcarry, extend - continue or extend; "The civil war carried into the neighboringprovince"; "The disease extended into the remote mountain provinces"lengthen - make longer; "Lengthen this skirt, please"extend - prolong the time allowed for payment of; "extend the loan"temporise, temporize - draw out a discussion or process in order to gain time; "Thespeaker temporized in order to delay the vote"spin out, spin - prolong or extend; "spin out a visit"2. prolong - lengthen or extend in duration or space; "We sustained the diplomaticnegotiations as long as possible"; "prolong the treatment of the patient"; "keep up thegood work"sustain, keep upkeep on, retain, continue, keep - allow to remain in a place or position or maintain a property or feature; "We cannot continue several servants any longer"; "She retains a lawyer"; "The family's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff"; "Ourgrant has run out and we cannot keep you on"; "We kept the work going as long as we could"; "She retained her composure"; "this garment retains its shape even after manywashings"preserve, uphold, carry on, continue, bear on - keep or maintain in unalteredcondition; cause to remain or last; "preserve the peace in the family"; "continue the familytradition"; "Carry on the old traditions"Based on Word Net 3.0, Farlex clipart collection. © 2003-2012 Princeton University, Farlex Inc.prolongverb lengthen, continue, perpetuate, draw out, extend, delay, stretch out, carry on, spin out, drag out, make longer, protract He said foreign military aid was prolonging the war.cut, cut down, shorten, summarize, curtail, abbreviate, abridge Collins Thesaurus of the English Language – Complete and Unabridged 2nd Edition. 2002 © Harper Collins Publishers 1995, 2002prolongverb To make or become longer:draw out, elongate, extend, lengthen, prolongate, protract, spin (out), stretch (out). Mathematics: produce. The American Heritage® Roget's Thesaurus. Copyright © 2013, 2014 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved. Translations Select a language:alargarprolong [prəˈlɒŋ] VT [+ visit, life, war, recession] → prolongar, a
American Water (album) American Water is the third full-length studio album by indie rock group Silver Jews. Released in 1998 as an LP and CD on Drag City (DC149) in America and Domino (WIG56) in Europe, "American Water" was recorded at The Rare Book Room in Brooklyn and mastered at Abbey Road Studios. The album features musicians Tim Barnes, David Berman, Mike Fellows, Stephen Malkmus, Chris Stroffolino, and artwork by Chris Kysor.
Hofstra University Loan Debt: How Much Debt Do Students Graduate With? How much debt will I have to take on to pay for Hofstra University, and how easily will I pay it off? Keep scrolling down the page for answers. Included in This Report: Average Loans for Freshman Average Undergraduate Loans Default Rate at Hofstra Frequently Asked Questions Additonal Information Freshmen At Hofstra University Take Out an Average of $9,750 in Loans in Their First Year At Hofstra University, 57.0% of incoming students take out a loan to help defray freshman year costs, averaging $9,750 a piece. This amount includes both private and federally-funded student loans. The average federal loan is $5,679, which is 103.3% of the first-year borrowing cap of $5,500* for the typical first-year dependent student. *Independent students and those with parents who do not qualify for PLUS loans have higher borrowing caps. Average Total Loan Amounts at Hofstra University Borrowing at the freshman amount could lead to $39,000 in four years. Year Total Loan Amount First Year 9,750Two Years of Loans 19,500Four Years of Loans 39,000Be Aware of What Isn't Shown Unlike the data shown for freshmen, average undergraduate student loan amounts do not include private loans. In addition to unreported parent loans, this can increase the average amount borrowed significantly. Apply for Scholarships ADVERTISEMENTGet Admissions Info on Hofstra University (It only takes a minute! )How will my data be used? Step 1 of 4Choose Area of Study Choose Concentration Zip code Continue Privacy Policy 
Wages For College Grads Are Now Lower Than They Were 15 Years Ago The research found that young college grads’ hourly wages currently sit at an average of $17.94, or just over $37,000 annually. In 2000, the average hourly rate was $18.41. This drop has hit female grads hardest: Their wages fell from $17.74 in 2000 to $16.56 in 2015 -- a 6.7 percent decrease. Wages for their male counterparts actually increased by 1 percent over the same time period -- from $19.44 to $19.64.
Playbook HR Playbook HRHuman Resources 24 followers See jobs Share Keep up with Playbook HRSee more information about Playbook HR, find and apply to jobs that match your skills, and connect with people to advance your career. Join Linked In Sign In About us Playbook HR is the leading integrated workforce management system for the on-demand economy. Our platform helps you easily manage and on-board workers to match supply and demand at scale. Drop in your operations engine today. See more Employees at Playbook HRSalina Truong Co-Founder View profile Sign in to find employee connections 
I'm not an expert, but my guess is two primary reasons. One is association - you're accustomed to smoking while drinking, so when you drink you are reminded of smoking. Second, alcohol lowers inhibitions, so you're more likely to think "oh sure why not one more smoke" instead of thinking, "smoking is really bad for me and if I have too many tonight I will feel like shit tomorrow. Also, if this is ELI5, you're 5 wtf are you doing drinking and smoking? Where are your parents?
- Roemheld syndrome (RS), also known as Roemheld-Techlenburg-Ceconi-Syndrome or gastric-cardia, is a complex of gastrocardiac symptoms first described by Ludwig Roemheld (1871–1938).It is a syndrome where maladies in the gastrointestinal tract or abdomen trigger/cause cardiac symptoms.There is rarely a traceable cardiac source to the symptoms which may lead to a lengthy period of misdiagnosis.udwig Roemheld characterized this particular syndrome shortly before his death; one of his research topics around this time was the effects of calorie intake on the heart.
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my card payment?
Over the course of thousands of years, American indigenous peoples domesticated, bred and cultivated a large array of plant species. These species now constitute 50–60% of all crops in cultivation worldwide. In certain cases, the indigenous peoples developed entirely new species and strains through artificial selection, as was the case in the domestication and breeding of maize from wild teosinte grasses in the valleys of southern Mexico. Numerous such agricultural products retain their native names in the English and Spanish lexicons.
How do I cancel a transfer?
This comment is not toxic.
A Time to Kill (Grisham novel) was adapted into a film of the same name, starring Matthew McConaughey and Samuel L. Jackson. In 2011, it was further adapted into a stage play of the same name by Rupert Holmes. The stage production opened at the Arena Stage (Washington, D.C.) in May 2011 and opened on Broadway in October 2013. The story takes place in the fictional town of Clanton, Mississippi in the 1980s, a period of time during which racial tension was heavily prevalent in America. This setting is also featured in other John Grisham novels. Three of the characters, Jake Brigance, Harry Rex Vonner and
The heat from a hot shower helps tightened or inflamed muscles (from stress or injury) relax and also promotes better blood flow and circulation. This, naturally, has a relaxing affect on the body. Cold water can stimulate oxygen intake via the physical shock from the temperature and can also increase heart rate, circulating blood flow. Cold water might also help relieve some muscle soreness.
Wikipedia explains it [pretty well](_URL_0_) (tl;dr -- British and Allied propaganda, image of an evil horde of barbarians, similar pointy helmets)
In the 19th century, southern and central European sport hunters often pursued game only for a trophy, usually the head or pelt of an animal, which was then displayed as a sign of prowess. The rest of the animal was typically discarded. Some cultures, however, disapprove of such waste. In Nordic countries, hunting for trophies was—and still is—frowned upon. Hunting in North America in the 19th century was done primarily as a way to supplement food supplies, although it is now undertaken mainly for sport.[citation needed] The safari method of hunting was a development of sport hunting that saw elaborate travel in Africa, India and other places in pursuit of trophies. In modern times, trophy hunting persists and is a significant industry in some areas.[citation needed]
Commerce Bank Routing Numbers Home > Commerce Bank > Routing Numbers Commerce Bank Routing Numbers Basic Info Reviews History Routing Numbers Swift Code Locations According Commerce Bank website. Commerce Bank's routing number is 101000019. In our record, Commerce Bank has a total of 11 routing numbers. Routing Number Process Fed ACH Process Fedwire Location Registered Name081004591 Y Y Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank101000019 Y Y Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank071100010 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank081025208 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank081500493 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank086500142 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank101100540 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank101114073 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank101114992 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank103912888 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank107002846 Y N Kansas City, MO Commerce Bank A routing number is a nine digit code, used in the United States to identify the financial institution. Routing numbers are used by Federal Reserve Banks to process Fedwire funds transfers, and ACH (Automated Clearing House) direct deposits, bill payments, and other automated transfers. The routing number can be found on your check. The routing number information on this page was updated on Apr. 12, 2018 
Linton Linton is a city in and the county seat of Emmons County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 1,097 at the 2010 census. Linton is located at 46°16′6″N 100°13′56″W / 46.26833°N 100.23222°W / 46.26833; -100.23222 (46.268360, -100.232110). Another method of locating Linton is by tracing the intersection of US Highway 83 and ND Highway 13.
Toni Yates Biography HOME > POP Hollywood > Toni Yates Toni Yates Biography Toni Yates Toni Yates Overview Toni Yates Biography Toni Yates News Toni Yates Pictures Toni Yates Biography Toni Yates (born 1963) is an American news reporter and anchorwoman who currently works for Eyewitness News WABC-TV as their New Jersey reporter. She joined the station from WPHL-TV WB17 where she was a news anchor and reporter since 1994. She left the station in December 2005. Yates is Eyewitness News' New Jersey Reporter, usually seen at Noon, 5PM or 6PM. Most recently, she reported on Jersey City cops and firefighters ending up on the wrong side of the law and the effects it has had on the departments and the public's trust. Toni Yates was born and raised in Jacksonville, Florida, where she graduated from Bishop Kenny High School. She is a proud Seminole, having graduated from Florida State University with a major in Communications. Toni started her career in Savannah, Georgia, first as a reporter at WTOC, then with WSAV as weekend co-anchor. She has twice returned to her hometown where she was a reporter for WTLV, and during a second stint reporter weekend co-anchor for WJXT. She also held two jobs in Norfolk Virginia, delivering morning news while working a second job as Communications Director for the March Of Dimes. Toni moved farther up the east coast, landing a General Assignment reporter job at WGAL in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. She came to WABC after spending several years at WB 17 in Philadelphia, where she was promoted from weekend anchor-medical reporter to weekday anchor. Toni has three children, Austyn, Alexis, and Gabriel. She lives in New Jersey, and is a member of the National Association of Black Journalists. Through most of her career, Toni has been involved with the Girl Scouts. Toni also regularly fills in as a co-anchor for Eyewitness News Saturday and Sunday Mornings, either for Phil Lipof or Michelle Charlesworth. Toni's first assignment on WABC-TV was on Tropical Storm Beryl. Toni Yates hosted the Opening Reception of The Philadelphia Black Gay Pride's 5th Annual when she was a WB 17 News Anchor. This webpage uses material from the Wikipedia article "Toni_Yates" and is licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License. Reality TV World is not responsible for any errors or omissions the Wikipedia article may contain. 
Rajya Sabha Rajya Sabha The Rajya Sabha or Council of States is the upper house of the Parliament of India. Membership of Rajya Sabha is limited by the Constitution to a maximum of 250 members, and current laws have provision for 245 members. Most of the members of the House are indirectly elected by state and territorial legislatures using single transferable votes, while the President can appoint 12 members for their contributions to art, literature, science, and social services. Members sit for staggered terms lasting six years, with a third of the members up for election every two years. The Rajya Sabha
Henry H. Goddard Henry H. Goddard Henry Herbert Goddard (August 14, 1866 – June 18, 1957) was a prominent American psychologist and eugenicist during the early 20th century. He is known especially for his 1912 work "The Kallikak Family: A Study in the Heredity of Feeble-Mindedness", which he himself came to regard as flawed, and for being the first to translate the Binet intelligence test into English in 1908 and distributing an estimated 22,000 copies of the translated test across the United States. He also introduced the term "moron" for clinical use. He was the main advocate for the use of intelligence testing
. Cajun Seafood Bread. I'm pretty sure that I've never been more excited to try a recipe. So excited, in fact, that I couldn't wait to make it. It was supposed to be served as an appetizer last night, when our friends came over to play cards. Instead, I began preparing this at 11:30 am. My husband walked into the kitchen while I worked. "Hey, I thought that we were having that tonight." He pointed out. I answered, "We are. And we're having it for lunch too." It is so good! Let me give you a little history. In my hometown there is, or rather was, (I just found out that it's no longer there) a restaurant called Gordy's Sub Pub. I grew up going there. Great pizza and subs. The best. I've sampled a number of items off of the menu, but hands down, my favorite is this Cajun Seafood Bread. My whole family loves it...my dad, my sisters, everyone! I've been thinking of the Cajun Seafood Bread a lot lately. Do you ever have a craving that just sticks with you? Unfortunately, I didn't have a trip "back home" planned until sometime in April. As it turns out, Gordy's Sub Pub burned down last June. It's not even there anymore. I would've been sorely disappointed if I'd driven the 4 1/2 hours home to satisfy my craving. I resolved to make my own. Only, I couldn't get it right. I searched for recipes. I experimented. It just wasn't right. With Cajun Seafood Bread on the meal plan for Friday of this week, I was starting to feel the pressure. And then I had an idea. Why not ask Gordy for the recipe? Through the miracle of Facebook, I found Gordy. In just minutes. Love Facebook. He knows my family, so it's not like I was a complete stranger putting in my friend request. Right? Of course, for the Cajun Seafood Bread recipe, I might've mustered the courage to ask a stranger. I sent him a message asking for the recipe, or at least for some guidance in making this fabulous creation. I didn't really think I'd get the recipe, but I hoped for the best. An hour later the recipe was in my inbox! I couldn't believe it! I had to do a little happy dance and then I called my family back in Indiana to brag and gloat and wave it in front of their faces. Hooray! Not only is Gordy "king" in the kitchen, he's possibly the world's tallest Elvis impersonator. How cool is that? Thanks, Gordy! Ready? Please allow me to walk you through the preparation of one of my favorite foods. I should point out that I have cut the recipe in half here. Remember that Spring Break diet? Yeah, this is NOT on it. If I had a whole recipe of this I can guarantee that it wouldn't go to waste. First you need butter. And pepper. Cayenne and black. And garlic. Minced. Add the garlic and both peppers to the butter. Cook and stir for a couple of minutes. Now you need Frank's Red Hot. 1 oz. for 1/2 recipe, 2 oz. for a whole recipe. My husband goes through this stuff like water. Anyone want a shot? I triple dog dare you! And you need some heavy whipping cream. Add the whipping cream to the peppery garlic butter. And the hot sauce. Now you want to give it a stir and cook it until it's just about to boil. When the mixture is steaming and on the brink of boiling, add in this. What is "this" you might ask. It's a horrible picture and it doesn't really illustrate anything. I got so caught up in visions of sitting down to eat the Cajun Seafood Bread that I stopped thinking about taking pictures. Okay, back to "this". This is a little cornstarch and water. Pour it into the sauce mixture, stirring constantly. When the sauce begins to thicken you'll add in the seafood. Here's the seafood. I often add my own touch to recipes I prepare. Not with this one. It's perfect just the way it is. However, there is one small deviation from the recipe here. It calls for uncooked shrimp. I found this cooked shrimp on sale at the grocery yesterday. Always frugal, I couldn't resist the bargain. So, add the shrimp and imitation crab meat to the sauce. Stir it up and continue to cook until your shrimp is pink (if it's uncooked) and the mixture is heated through. Now you're ready for the bread. I sliced hoagie rolls
Cutoff Phenomenon and Limiting Profile of a Random Walk on the Symmetric
  Group
The Difference Between a Fact and a Factoid “Factoid” however means something slightly different. The first definition, for which it would seem I’m incorrect in my usage, is the following: “an invented fact, believed to be true because of its appearance in print”. This was the original definition coined in 1973 by Norman Mailer. Mailer described a factoid as “facts which have no existence before appearing in a magazine or newspaper”. He came up with the word, adding the suffix “oid” as an “oid” ending implies “similar but not the same” or more succinctly “like” or “resembling”.
What the benefits of smoking weed?
Charles, Prince of Wales Charles , Prince of Wales ( Charles Philip Arthur George ; born 14 November 1948 ) is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II . Known alternatively in South West England as Duke of Cornwall and in Scotland as Duke of Rothesay , he is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history , having held the position since 1952 . He is also the oldest person to be next in line to the throne since Sophia of Hanover ( the heir presumptive to Queen Anne ) , who died in 1714 at the age of 83 .   Charles was born at Buckingham Palace as the first grandchild of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth . He was educated at Cheam and Gordonstoun Schools , which his father , Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , had attended as a child , as well as the Timbertop campus of Geelong Grammar School in Victoria , Australia . After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College , Cambridge , Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976 .   In 1981 , he married Lady Diana Spencer and they had two sons : Prince William ( born 1982 ) later to become Duke of Cambridge , and Prince Harry ( born 1984 ) . In 1996 , the couple divorced , following well-publicised extramarital affairs . Diana died in a car crash in Paris the following year . In 2005 , Charles married Camilla Parker Bowles .   Charles 's interests encompass a range of humanitarian and social issues : he founded The Prince 's Trust in 1976 , sponsors The Prince 's Charities , and is patron of numerous other charitable and arts organisations . Charles has long championed organic farming for which he established the Duchy Home Farm , run by the Duchy of Cornwall , which produces ingredients for the Duchy Originals brand which he founded in 1990 . Charles has sought to raise world awareness of the dangers facing the natural environment , such as climate change . As an environmentalist , he has received numerous awards and recognition from environmental groups around the world . His support for alternative medicine , including homeopathy , has been criticised by some in the medical community . He has been outspoken on the role of architecture in society and the conservation of historic buildings . Subsequently , Charles created Poundbury , an experimental new town based on his theories , in Dorset in 1993 . He has authored a number of books , including A Vision of Britain : A Personal View of Architecture in 1989 and the children 's book The Old Man of Lochnagar in 1980 .
Mullion For other uses, see Mullion (disambiguation). A mullioned window in the church of San Francesco of Lodi, Lombardy A mullion is a vertical element that forms a division between units of a window, door, or screen, or is used decoratively. [1] When dividing adjacent window units, its primary purpose is to provide structural support to an arch or lintel above the window opening. Its secondary purpose may be as a rigid support to the glazing of the window. When used to support glazing, they are often teamed with horizontal elements called " transoms " which divide an opening's upper part into one or more additional lights. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Design3 See also4 Notes5 References History [ edit]A Moorish mullioned window in the Alhambra of Granada Stone mullions were used in Armenian, Saxon and Islamic architecture prior to the 10th century. They became common across Europe in the Romanesque architecture, with paired windows divided by a mullion, set beneath a single arch becoming a fashionable architectural form. The same structural form was used for open arcades as well as windows, and is found in galleries and cloisters. In Gothic architecture windows became larger and arrangements of multiple mullions and openings were used, both for structure and ornament. This is particularly the case in Gothic churches where stained glass is set in lead and ferramenta between the stone mullions. Mullioned windows of a simpler form continued to be used into the Renaissance and various Revival styles. Italian windows with a single mullion, dividing the window into two equal elements are said to be biforate, or to parallel the Italian, bifore windows. [2]Design [ edit]Late gothic mullioned window at Sutton Place, Surrey, c. 1525, illustration by Joseph Nash, c. 1840Mullions may be made of any material, but wood and aluminum are most common, although glass is also used between windows. [3] I. M. Pei used all-glass mullions in his design of JFK Airport's Terminal 6 ( National Airlines Sundrome ), unprecedented at the time. [4]Mullions are vertical elements and are often confused with transoms, which lie horizontally. In US parlance, the word is also confused with the " muntin " ("glazing bar" in the UK) which is the precise word for the very small strips of wood or metal that divide a sash into smaller glass "panes" or "lights". A mullion acts as a structural member, in most applications the mullion transfers wind loads and weight of the glazing and upper levels into the structure below. Although in the instance of a curtain wall screen, the mullions only support the weight of the transoms, glass and any opening vents installed. Also in the case of a curtain wall screen the weight of glazing can be supported from above (providing the structure can take the required loads) this puts the mullions under tension rather than compression. When a very large glazed area was desired before the middle of the nineteenth century, such as in the large windows seen in Gothic churches or Elizabethan palaces, the openings necessarily required division into a framework of mullions and transoms, often of stone. It was further necessary for each glazed panel, sash or casement to be further subdivided by muntins or lead cames because large panes of glass were reserved primarily for use as mirrors, being far too costly to use for glazing windows or doors. In traditional designs today, mullions and transoms are normally used in combination with divided-light windows and doors when glazing porches or other large areas. See also [ edit]Came Glass mullion system Mullion wall Muntin Stained glass Transom Notes [ edit]^ "Definition of MULLION". www.merriam-webster.com. Retrieved 2017-09-20.^ "Biforate window – Oxford Reference". doi: 10.1093/oi/authority.20110803095504957.^ "building construction". Encyclopedia Britannica. Retrieved 2017-09-20.^ "I. M. Pei's JFK in Terminal Trouble - Archpaper.com". archpaper.com. Retrieved 2017-09-20. References [ edit]Müller, W.; G. Vogel (1992). Atlante di architettura. Milan: Hoepli. ISBN 88-203-1977-2. Wikimedia Co
Does inertia increase or decrease with mass? Science & Mathematics Physics Does inertia increase or decrease with mass? Follow 5 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: Mass has inertia directly proportional to the amount of rest mass. So increase the rest mass and the object's inertia increases. Decrease the mass and it's inertia decreases. Some would say that rest mass is a measure of inertia when the object is at rest...not moving. But that's not necessarily the case in relativistic physics. Inertia can actually be greater than that indicated by rest mass alone. The relationship is, relativistic inertia M = m/sqrt (1 - (v/c)^2) where m is the rest mass, v is the speed of the mass, and c is light speed. As you can see, M grows in value as the speed of the mass, m, goes v ---> c.. So in this case, the inertia is increasing but the mass is not. Also note that when v = 0, the object is at rest, M = m; so the inertia of a body at rest is in fact its rest mass.oldprof · 5 years ago0 0 Comment Inertia is the property of a body to remain in rest or motion as long as no force acts on it. Inertia increases with increase of mass. Source (s):newtron's first lawphysics doctor · 5 years ago0 0 Commentinertia is the property of every object having mass to resist any change in its state of rest or motion unless and until an external force is applied on it. inertia of a body depends on its mass more the mass more will be its inertia ie more force has to be applied to make the body move or bring it to rest example we can push a man A weighing 20kg easily than a man B weighing 100kg because the body B has more inertia than A is it ALL RIGHTSource (s):self knowledge Anonymous · 5 years ago0 0 Commentinertia is the property of a body to remain in rest or uniform motion unless acted by external unbalanced force ie resistance to translational motion so it depends on mass? · 5 years ago0 0 Commentwe don't understand the place the "midsection"is. that's information that "technology" remains a concept. i'm nonetheless attempting to come to a decision how while we human beings use the hubble telescope to seem returned in time .. approximately ninety 5% in the direction of the alleged beginning of the "enormous bang", why we don't see a plenty smaller universe than now. seems to me that a million.253 seconds after the super bang the universe ought to have been smaller than that's now, because's increasing. however the farther we seem returned in time (dang close to coming near 14 Billion years in the past) the bigger universe we see. no longer a smaller one. So something's incorrect with this thought. +yet to genuinely answer your question, sure. The greater mass an merchandise has, the greater it warps spacertime.a minimum of in concept ;-)radabaugh · 1 year ago0 0 Comment Perhaps you would like to learn more about one of these? Can cloud services help you? Interested in dating sites? Need a Home Security Safe? Want to buy a domain name? 
Suit (cards) they may play a card of another suit "and this can still win the trick if its rank is high enough". For this reason every card in the deck has a different number to prevent ties. A further strategic element is introduced since one suit contains mostly low-ranking cards and another, mostly high-ranking cards. Whereas cards in a traditional deck have two classifications—suit and rank—and each combination is represented by one card, giving for example "4 suits × 13 ranks = 52 cards", each card in a Set deck has four classifications each into one of three categories, giving a
How should I start an email to a company?
There is no difference between the two unless the force of gravity varies across the object. On earth, gravity is almost exactly the same everywhere so, even for quite large objects, the difference will not be measurable. For huge objects, like a space elevator cable 40 & #8239;000 & #8239;km long, the centre of gravity will be lower (closer to earth) than the centre of mass, because gravity is stronger near earth.
Jimmy Nail ticket sales began to drop, Sting replaced Nail to try to save the musical, but it ended after a short run. Nail sang on the Original Broadway Cast Recording and on Sting's album, "The Last Ship". He had been due to reprise his role in the UK premiere at Northern Stage on 12 March 2018. The show's producer Karl Sydow stated: "After protracted negotiations carried out in good faith, we regret to announce the production's offer of employment to Jimmy Nail has been withdrawn. Joe McGann will replace him when the show opens in Newcastle in March. Nail said "I
- Mercer University is private (not-for-profit), 4 year or high located in Macon, Georgia. For academic year 2015-2016, undergraduate tuition & fees at Mercer University is $34,450.The costs is estimated by the school. 1 For the academic year 2014-2015, undergraduate tuition and fees is $33,780.or academic year 2015-2016, undergraduate tuition & fees at Mercer University is $34,450. The costs is estimated by the school. 1 For the academic year 2014-2015, undergraduate tuition and fees is $33,780.
Tennison: Young Jane Tennison Cast for Prime Suspect Prequel Series Tennison: Young Jane Tennison Cast for Prime Suspect Prequel Seriesby Jessica Pena, July 19, 2016Meet the young Jane Tennison. This week, ITV announced the casting for their upcoming Prime Suspect prequel series, Tennison. Helen Mirren played the older Jane Tennison, a London detective, on Prime Suspect for seven seasons before the series ended in 2006. Tennison will follow a “young Jane Tennison (Stefanie Martini, pictured) at the beginning of her career, revealing why she became such a complex and formidable character in the Metropolitan Police.” The cast also includes Sam Reid, Blake Harrison, and Alun Armstrong. Filming for Tennison has already begun. Read more details below: Stefanie Martini, Sam Reid, Blake Harrison and Alun Armstrong cast in Tennison [w/t]. The much-anticipated prequel to Prime Suspect, Tennison [w/t], has begun filming on location in London. Stefanie Martini (Doctor Thorne, Endeavour, Emerald City), Sam Reid (Belle, The Riot Club) and Blake Harrison (Dad’s Army, The Inbetweeners) join forces to star in the 6 x 60 minute series which portrays the young Jane Tennison (Stefanie Martini) at the beginning of her career, revealing why she became such a complex and formidable character in the Metropolitan Police. Sam Reid and Blake Harrison are cast as Jane’s superiors DCI Len Bradfield and DS Spencer Gibbs. Alun Armstrong (New Tricks, Little Dorrit), Ruth Sheen (Unforgotten, Inside No.9), Lex Shrapnel (Medici: Masters of Florence) and Jay Taylor (Promise) are cast as crime family members Clifford, Renee, John and David Bentley. Jessica Gunning (Jericho, Fortitude) is also cast as fellow WPC Kath Morgan alongside Andrew Brooke (Babylon, Da Vinci’s Demons) as Jane’s senior officer Sergeant Harris. Nick Sidi (Silent Witness, DCI Banks) and Geraldine Somerville (Silent Witness, New Tricks) are cast as Jane’s parents, Andrew and Joyce. Rosie Day (Outlander, Cuffs) will play Jane’s sister Pam. Further cast includes Joshua Hill (Death in Paradise, Vera) as DC Edwards, Daniel Ezra (Undercover, Prey) as DC Ashton, Tommy Mc Donnell (Jericho, Glue) as DC Hudson, and Jordan Long (Unforgotten, The Wrong Mans) as DS Paul Lawrence. The Producer is Rhonda Smith and the Director is David Caffrey. Tennison [w/t] will be distributed internationally by ITV Studios Global Entertainment.”What do you think? Are you a fan of Prime Suspect? Will you watch Tennison? Get our free email alerts on TV shows in this article: News ITV TV shows: canceled or renewed? Tennison Get Free Alerts More about: ITV TV shows: canceled or renewed?, Tennison, Tennison: canceled or renewed? Related Articles Unforgotten April 8, 2018Endeavour: Season Six; TV Series Will Return But Some Cast Members Won’t April 3, 2018Prime Suspect: Tennison: Cancelled by ITV; No Season Two June 26, 2017Downton Abbey: Movie Given the Greenlight (Report)May 23, 2017Endeavour: Production Begins on Season Five of ITV Series April 21, 2017The Frankenstein Chronicles: Season Two Production Begins for Sean Bean Series March 15, 2017Fearless: ITV Orders Drama from Homeland Writer August 16, 2016Victoria: PBS Series About Queen Victoria Premieres in January (Trailer)August 15, 2016Endeavour: Season Four Production Begins, Casting Announced June 1, 2016Broadchurch: Third and Final Season Begins Filming; Two Join Cast May 23, 2016Endeavour: PBS Series Returning for Season Three; Season Four Next? May 6, 2016Julian Fellowes Presents Doctor Thorne: Period Series Coming to Amazon May 3, 2016Scott & Bailey: Star Knew It Was Time to End UK Series April 25, 2016Thunderbirds Are Go: Season Three Ordered in UKApril 6, 2016Prey: BBC America Drama Series Debuts on February 25th February 5, 2016Unforgotten: ITV Renews Series for Season Two November 16, 2015 
Thaumatodryinus tuukkaraski Thaumatodryinus tuukkaraski is a wasp species in the family Dryinidae. This tiny insect is endemic to Kenya where it is only known from the Taita Hills. In 2015, this newly discovered species was named in direct reference to the Boston Bruins (NHL) goaltender, Tuukka Rask.
Android Wear says it needs to update Google Play Services but nothing happens I've installed Android Wear on my Lollipop device and when it launches it says it needs a new version of Google Play Services. But when I click on the Update Google Play Services button nothing happens.
I tried searching for Google Play Services on the play store but it doesn't appear in the search results (but it does appear in the results if I search on a laptop browser, but it doesn't if searching directly on the phone).
How can I update the damn thing to get Android Wear to work??
Santos FC Santos Futebol Clube ( -LSB- ˈsɐ̃tus futʃiˈbɔw ˈklubi -RSB- ) , commonly known as Santos or Peixe ( -LSB- ˈpejʃi -RSB- ) , is a Brazilian professional football club based in Vila Belmiro , a bairro in the city of Santos . Despite being primarily a football club , Santos compete in a number of different sports , including American football , surfing , and even eSports . It plays in the Paulistão , the State of São Paulo 's premier state league , as well as the Brasileirão , the top tier of the Brazilian football league system . Santos are one of the only four clubs to have never been relegated , along with São Paulo , Flamengo and Cruzeiro .   The club was founded in 1912 by the initiative of three sports enthusiasts from Santos by Raimundo Marques , Mário Ferraz de Campos , and Argemiro de Souza Júnior as a response to the lack of representation the city had in football . Since then , Santos became one of Brazil 's most successful clubs , becoming a symbol of Jogo Bonito ( English : the Beautiful Game ) in football culture , hence the motto `` Técnica e Disciplina '' ( Technique and discipline ) . The most recognized Santista anthem is the `` Leão do Mar '' written by Mangeri Neto . This was largely thanks to the Peixe 's golden generation of the 1960s which contained players such as Gilmar , Mauro Ramos , Mengálvio , Coutinho , Pepe and Pelé , named the `` Athlete of the Century '' by the International Olympic Committee , and widely regarded among football historians , former players and fans to be the best and most accomplished footballer in the game 's history . Os Santásticos , considered by some the best club team of all times , won a total of 24 titles during that decade including five consecutive Brasileirões , a feat that remains unequaled until today . Os Santásticos also became the first squad in the world to win the Continental Treble , winning the Paulistão , the Brasileirão , and the Copa Libertadores in 1962 .   Santos is one of the most successful clubs in the Brasileirão , becoming national champions on eight occasions . It has also won 21 Paulistãos , three Copa Libertadores , two European/South American Cups , one Supercopa de Campeones Intercontinentales , one Copa CONMEBOL ( the precursor of current Copa Sudamericana ) , one Copa do Brasil and one Recopa Sudamericana . In 1962 , Santos became the first club in the world to win four out of four competitions in a single year , thus completing the quadruple , comprising the aforementioned treble and the European/South American Cup . On January 20 , 1998 , Santos became the first team , in any category in the world , to reach the milestone of 10,000 goals in the entire history of football , scored by Jorginho .   The Peixe play their home games at the Vila Belmiro , which currently holds up to 20,120 spectators . Santos ' regular kit is white shirts , with white shorts , accompanied by white socks . Kappa are the kit manufacturers . Santos holds many long-standing rivalries , most notably against São Paulo , Palmeiras and Corinthians . It has contributed many key and famous players towards Brazil 's FIFA World Cup squads , including eleven world champions out of its 45 contributors and two FIFA World Cup winning captains . In 2013 , the club is the 2nd most valuable club in Brazil and Latin America , and 38th most valuable club in the world according to Brand Finance , worth over $ 65 million . In terms of revenue , Santos is Brazil 's 4th richest sports club and one of the biggest football clubs in the world , generating an annual turnover of over $ 114 million in 2012 .
I haven't read it, but you might want to try Robert Fisk's [*Pity the Nation: Lebanon at War*](_URL_0_).
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
How many calories are in a slice of deli ham? There are 34 calories in 1 slice of Deli Sliced Ham. Calorie breakdown: 48% fat, 6% carbs, 46% protein.
Haldol Everyday Health Drugs Miscellaneous Antipsychotic Agents Haldol What Is Haldol (Haloperidol)?41 Reviews Haldol is the brand name for haloperidol, an anti-psychotic medicine used to treat mental and mood disorders, including schizophrenia and acute psychosis. It is often used in emergency room psychiatric situations. It helps reduce aggression, negative thoughts, and the desire to harm someone or oneself. It can also help to reduce hallucinations, as well as to treat uncontrolled outbursts related to Tourette's disorder, and it can be used for short periods of time for people who have acute agitation. In children, Haldol may be used for severe behavior problems including hyperactivity or aggression. Haloperidol was developed by a Belgian company in 1958, and approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1967. Mc Neil Laboratories marketed the drug under the brand name Haldol. The tablet forms are now available only generically. Haldol Warnings Haldol may make you dizzy, so do not drive or operate machinery until you know how it affects you. Do not drink alcohol and use Haldol. Haldol should not be used to treat dementia in elderly patients. For people with diabetes, Haldol may affect blood sugar levels. Consult with your physician about your medical history, including nervous system problems such as Parkinson's disease. Discuss bipolar disorder, angina, depression, overactive thyroid, prostate problems, and glaucoma, as well as seizures. Tell your physician if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Haldol is secreted into breast milk, so discuss the potential risks against the potential benefits with your health care provider. Back to Top Haldol Side Effects Less serious side effects of Haldol include: Drowsiness Dizziness or fainting Anxiety Headaches Trouble urinating Trouble sleeping Sun sensitivity Dry mouth More serious side effects of Haldol may demand immediate emergency medical attention and include: Shaking (tremors)Stiffness, muscle spasms Drooling Unwanted breast milk in females Decreased sexual ability in males Tongue and facial muscle twitches Fever Dark urine Irregular heart beat Persistent vomiting Sore throat Chest pain Severe allergic reactions, rash, itching Back to Top Haldol Interactions Haldol interacts with a large number of drugs, so it's important to discuss all possible interactions with your doctor or pharmacist to avoid undesirable interactions. Drugs which may interact with Haldol include: Anticholinergic medications, such as scopolamine (Transderm-Scop) and lithium (Eskalith)Drugs for Parkinson's disease Heart rhythm drugs Antidepressants Sleep medication Anti- anxiety medication Muscle relaxants Psychiatric medications Narcotic pain relievers Epinephrine (Auvi-Q)Amphetamine Certain antibiotics Avoid drinking alcohol when using Haldol. Back to Top Haldol Dosage Haloperidol is available as a tablet or in a solution form. Haldol may be administered by injection by your health care provider. Tablets come in 0.5 milligrams (mg), 1 mg, 2 mg, 5 mg, 10 mg, and 20 mg. Doses can vary widely depending on the severity of symptoms and other underlying health conditions. It's always best to use the lowest effective dose. Haldol Overdose An overdose may require immediate emergency medical attention, so call 911. Severe cases can result in respiratory depression, epileptic seizures, or coma. Missed Dose of Haldol Do not "double up" on the dose to catch up. If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you remember, or wait until your next dose. Back to Top Haldol Pictures Haloperidol 0.5 mg-PAR, white, round,Haloperidol 2 mg-PAR, pink, round,Haloperidol 10 mg-PAR, green, round,Haloperidol 2 mg-MYL, orange, round,See All Images Haldol FAQQ: I am taking Haldol to put me to sleep. Unfortunately, it is very strong and lasts much longer than eight hours. With a 10-milligram dose, I sleep up to 10 hours. What dosage would last for eight hours? A: One dosage will not last for a certain time. Each dose will act differently for each person, so it is difficult to say if there is a dose that will keep you sleeping 
What is the wheel that you steer a ship with called? A helm is the official name, but it is often referred to as the the wheel.. As ships modernize, however, we will start see less and less of the helm and begin to see a lever style control more often. A <b>helm</b> is the official name, but it is often referred to as the the wheel..
Toxic Substances Portal - Benzene Eating or drinking foods containing high levels of benzene can cause vomiting, irritation of the stomach, dizziness, sleepiness, convulsions, rapid heart rate, and death. The major effect of benzene from long-term exposure is on the blood.Benzene causes harmful effects on the bone marrow and can cause a decrease in red blood cells leading to anemia. It can also cause excessive bleeding and can affect the immune system, increasing the chance for infection.enzene is also used to make some types of rubbers, lubricants, dyes, detergents, drugs, and pesticides. Natural sources of benzene include emissions from volcanoes and forest fires. Benzene is also a natural part of crude oil, gasoline, and cigarette smoke.
Pap test The Pap smear is a screening test. It identifies women who are at increased risk of cervical dysplasia (abnormal cells) or cervical cancer. Only an examination of the cervix with a special lighted instrument (colposcopy) and samples of cervical tissue (biopsies) can actually diagnose these problems.
What are some books that changed your life, and why?
Pablo Escobar Pablo Escobar Pablo Escobar (or Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria) is often referred to as the ‘King of coke’. This Colombian drugs lord is probably the most famous and successful cocaine trafficker in human history. It is said that 80% of all cocaine shipped to the American market in the 70’s and 80’s was supplied by Escobar and his Medellin Cartel. Having a near monopoly on the cocaine business, Escobar earned billions of dollars, which he used to build a personal empire of 400 luxury villas all around the world, private airplanes, his own army and even a private zoo with exotic animals. According to Forbes, he was the 7th richest person in the world in 1989 with a personal fortune of $3 billion USD. Pablo Escobar Biography Pablo Escobar was born on December 1st, 1949 in the town of Rionegro, Colombia. His father was a farmer and his mother an elementary school teacher. Coming from a relatively poor family, the young Pablo Escobar had lots of ambition to make it in life. He started his criminal career as a teenager on the streets of Medellin by stealing tombstones, sandblasting them to remove the names and reselling them to Panamese smugglers. His criminal career Before entering the drugs trade in the early 70’s, Escobar was involved in various other criminal activities, from stealing cars and selling contraband cigarettes to kidnapping. It didn’t take long for him to discover that trafficking cocaine was the fastest path to wealth and power. The proces was simple: He bought the paste of coca leaves in Bolivia and Peru, since the coca in Colombia was of inferior quality at the time. He refined it in Colombia on one of his properties and afterwards he transported it to the US. First this was done in small quantities on commercial flights or hidden in old plane tires. But under the influence of professional smugglers like Carlos Lehder and George Jung, he soon started trafficking on a much larger scale via private airplanes. It is said that in the early days Pablo Escobar even flew a couple of flights himself, mainly from Colombia to Panama, from where the drugs was further transported to the US. The demand for cocaine was skyrocketing in the US and Pablo Escobar started building a huge fortune. Plata o plomo Whenever the authorities got in his way, he always dealt with them in the same way. He called it ‘plata o plomo’ which can be literally translated into ‘money or lead’. The word “lead” in this case is slang for bullets (which are made of lead). When a policeman, politician or judge hindered his activities, he would first try to bribe the person. If this didn’t work, he would order one of his hit men to kill him. It is said that 100’s or maybe 1000’s of honest men and women found their death by crossing the path of Escobar, including 3 Colombian presidential candidates and the Justice Minister Rodrigo Lara Bonilla. According to rumors, he was also the financer of the attack on the Supreme Court by the guerrillas of the 19th of April Movement. At the time of the attack, the Supreme Court was discussing Colombia’s extradition treaty with the US, a treaty that made it possible to extradite drugs lords like Escobar to the US for prosecution. During the attack, most of the papers and files were destroyed and half of the judges present were killed. Pablo Escobar’s death Notorious and untouchable in his own country, Pablo Escobar soon became America’s number 1 enemy and in 92 the US special forces joined the manhunt for him. They advised and assisted in the training of a Colombian special police force called the Search Bloc. After lots of failed attempts to find and bring down Escobar, the Search Bloc was finally successful on December 2nd, 1993. A Colombian surveillance team was able to track him down in the Medellin neighborhood where the young Escobar grew up. Being surrounded and in the middle of a fire fight, Escobar tried to escape together with his closest bodyguard via the roofs of adjoining houses. Nevertheless, both of them were shot to death by the Colombian police forces during this attempt to escape. P
Work sucks, I live in BFE, entertainment needed Any chance any of you local redditors would want to get beer? Or many beers? Sometime later this week or next, whichever date we could possibly get the most people. I was thinking something in downtown Minneapolis. Any suggestions? Otherwise, I will have to resort to cutting down trees and playing Half-Life :(
.hover () .hover ()Categories: Events > Mouse Events Bind one or two handlers to the matched elements, to be executed when the mouse pointer enters and leaves the elements. Contents:.hover ( handler In, handler Out ).hover ( handler In, handler Out ).hover ( handler In Out ).hover ( handler In Out ).hover ( handler In, handler Out ) Returns: j Query Description: Bind two handlers to the matched elements, to be executed when the mouse pointer enters and leaves the elements.version added: 1.0.hover ( handler In, handler Out )handler In Type: Function ( Event event Object )A function to execute when the mouse pointer enters the element.handler Out Type: Function ( Event event Object )A function to execute when the mouse pointer leaves the element. The .hover () method binds handlers for both mouseenter and mouseleave events. You can use it to simply apply behavior to an element during the time the mouse is within the element. Calling $ ( selector ).hover ( handler In, handler Out ) is shorthand for:1$ ( selector ).mouseenter ( handler In ).mouseleave ( handler Out );See the discussions for .mouseenter () and .mouseleave () for more details. Examples: To add a special style to list items that are being hovered over, try:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445<!doctype html>< html lang = "en" >< head >< meta charset = "utf-8" >< title >hover demo </ title >< style >ul {margin-left: 20 px;color: blue;}li {cursor: default;}span {color: red;}</ style >< script src = "https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.2.js" > </ script ></ head >< body >< ul >< li >Milk </ li >< li >Bread </ li >< li class = "fade" >Chips </ li >< li class = "fade" >Socks </ li ></ ul >< script >$ ( "li").hover (function () {$ ( this).append ( $ ( "<span> ***</span>") );}, function () {$ ( this).find ( "span:last").remove ();});$ ( "li.fade").hover ( function () {$ ( this).fade Out ( 100);$ ( this).fade In ( 500);});</ script ></ body ></ html >Demo: To add a special style to table cells that are being hovered over, try:1234567$ ( "td").hover (function () {$ ( this).add Class ( "hover");}, function () {$ ( this).remove Class ( "hover");});To unbind the above example use:1$ ( "td").off ( "mouseenter mouseleave");.hover ( handler In Out ) Returns: j Query Description: Bind a single handler to the matched elements, to be executed when the mouse pointer enters or leaves the elements.version added: 1.4.hover ( handler In Out )handler In Out Type: Function ( Event event Object )A function to execute when the mouse pointer enters or leaves the element. The .hover () method, when passed a single function, will execute that handler for both mouseenter and mouseleave events. This allows the user to use j Query's various toggle methods within the handler or to respond differently within the handler depending on the event.type. Calling $ (selector).hover (handler In Out) is shorthand for:1$ ( selector ).on ( "mouseenter mouseleave", handler In Out );See the discussions for .mouseenter () and .mouseleave () for more details. Example: Slide the next sibling LI up or down on hover, and toggle a class.123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051<!doctype html>< html lang = "en" >< head >< meta charset = "utf-8" >< title >hover demo </ title >< style >ul {margin-left: 20 px;color: blue;}li {cursor: default;}li .active {background: black;color: white;}span {color: red;}</ style >< script src = "https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.2.js" > </ script ></ head >< body >< ul >< li >Milk </ li >< li >White </ li >< li >Carrots </ li >< li >Orange </ li >< li >Broccoli </ li >< li >Green </ li ></ ul >< script >$ ( "li").filter ( ":odd").hide ().end ().filter ( ":even").hover ( function () {$ ( this).toggle Class ( "active").next ().stop ( true, true).slide Toggle ();});</ script ></ body ></ html >Demo: 
Classical musicians continued to use many of instruments from the Baroque era, such as the cello, contrabass, recorder, trombone, timpani, fortepiano and organ. While some Baroque instruments fell into disuse (e.g., the theorbo and rackett), many Baroque instruments were changed into the versions that are still in use today, such as the Baroque violin (which became the violin), the Baroque oboe (which became the oboe) and the Baroque trumpet, which transitioned to the regular valved trumpet.
Is it an elegant solution of the duplicate local variable problem?
12 Angry Men (1957 film) Juror 8), and was broadcast live on the CBS program "Studio One" in September 1954. A complete kinescope of that performance, which had been missing for years and was feared lost, was discovered in 2003. It was staged at Chelsea Studios in New York City. The success of the television production resulted in a film adaptation. Sidney Lumet, whose prior directorial credits included dramas for television productions such as "The Alcoa Hour" and "Studio One", was recruited by Henry Fonda and Rose to direct. "12 Angry Men" was Lumet's first feature film, and the only producing credit for Fonda and
In 1940, Winston Churchill replaced Neville Chamberlain as Prime Minister, though personally George would have preferred to appoint Lord Halifax. After the King's initial dismay over Churchill's appointment of Lord Beaverbrook to the Cabinet, he and Churchill developed "the closest personal relationship in modern British history between a monarch and a Prime Minister". Every Tuesday for four and a half years from September 1940, the two men met privately for lunch to discuss the war in secret and with frankness.
Coronary Artery Disease - Symptoms The most common symptoms of coronary artery disease are angina (say ANN-juh-nuh or ann-JY-nuh) and shortness of breath when exercising or doing other vigorous activity.
trodden WordReference Random House Unabridged Dictionary of American English © 2016. tread (tred), v., trod, trod•den ortrod, tread•ing, n. v.i. 1  to set down the foot or feet in walking; step; walk.  to step, walk, or trample so as to press, crush, or injure something (usually fol. by on or upon):to tread on a person's foot.
Filming & Production Laughing Waters Beach, Ocho Rios, St. Ann, Jamaica (James Bond and Honey Rider meet in the classic scene when Honey walks out of the ocean)
What does Baird mean? What does Baird mean? Baird as a boys' name is of Gaelic, Scottish and Irish origin, and the meaning of Baird is "poet, one who sings ballads". From the English word " Bard ". An occupational name. STARTS WITH Ba-ASSOCIATED WITH gaelic, scottish, occupational Variations VARIANTS Bar, Bard, Barde, Barr, Bayerd, Bayrd RELATIONS VIA BARD Barden, Bardo, Bardon CREATIVE FORMS (male) Barrd, .. (female) Baien, .. MIDDLE NAME PAIRINGS Baird Nikolas (B. N.), .. How popular is Baird? Baird is a rare first name for males but a very popular surname for both adults and children (#935 out of 150436, Top 1%). (2000 U. S. CENSUS) 
Stages of Prostate Cancer Prostate Cancer Channel Topics & Medications Gleason Score Prostate Cancer PSAPSA Test Casodex Docetaxel Eligard Emcyt Fentanyl Nasal Spray Firmagon Flutamide Jevtana Lupron Depot Nilandron Pomegranate PROVENGESupprelin LATrelstar Vantas Xtandi Zoladex Zytiga Advertisement Quicklinks Prostate Cancer Prostate Cancer Symptoms Prostate Cancer Treatment Prostate Cancer Surgery Prostate Cancer Research Prostate Cancer Statistics Prostate Cancer Nutrition Prostate Cancer Prevention Prostate Cancer Prognosis PSA Test Gleason Score Docetaxel Pomegranate Casodex Related Channels Bone Cancer Cancer Erectile Dysfunction Prostate Men Advertisement Tweet Prostate Cancer Home > Stages of Prostate Cancer Stages of Prostate Cancer With regard to prostate cancer, staging measures the extent of the disease, and is based on the size of the tumor, whether the cancer has spread outside the prostate, and, if so, where it has spread. There are five stages: stages 1 through 4 and recurrent cancer. Tests used to determine stage include the digital rectal exam, PSA test, transrectal ultrasound, and biopsy. Stages of Prostate Cancer: An Overview A prostate cancer diagnosis is made by looking at prostate tissue under a microscope. A pathologist (a doctor who identifies diseases by studying tissues under a microscope) will look at the biopsied tissue for cancer cells. Once the disease has been identified, the doctor must determine both the stage and grade of the prostate cancer. To plan your prostate cancer treatment, your doctor needs to know the extent (stage) of the disease. This is based on: The size of the tumor Whether the cancer has spread outside the prostate If the cancer has spread, where it has spread. Specific Stages The stages of prostate cancer are as follows: Stage I: The cancer cannot be felt during a digital rectal exam (DRE). It is found by chance when surgery is done for another reason, usually for benign prostatic hyperplasia ( BPH ). The cancer is only in the prostate. Stage II: The cancer is more advanced, but it has not spread outside the prostate. Stage III: The cancer has spread outside the prostate. It may be in the seminal vesicles. It has not spread to the lymph nodes. Stage IV: The cancer may be in nearby muscles and organs (beyond the seminal vesicles). It may have spread to the lymph nodes. It may have spread to other parts of the body. Recurrent: The cancer has come back (recurred) after a time when it could not be detected. It may recur in or near the prostate. Or it may recur in any other part of the body, such as the bones. Stages of Prostate Cancer Article Continues on Next Page >1 2 3 Next >>Advertisement5 Quick Tricks for Overcoming Nicotine Cravings Prostate Cancer Information Prostate Cancer Causes of Prostate Cancer Prostate Cancer Symptoms Prostate Cancer Diagnosis PSA Test Low PSA and Prostate Cancer Stages of Prostate Cancer Gleason Score Prostate Cancer Treatment Prostate Cancer Prognosis Prostate Cancer Screening Prostate Cancer Prevention Prostate Cancer Research Prostate Cancer Vaccine and Hormone Treatment Prostate Cancer Statistics Vasectomy and Prostate Cancer What Is Priapism and How Does It Relate to Erectile Dysfunction Medications? What Is Normal Symptom Relief From Erectile Dysfunction Medications Is the Inability to Sustain an Erection Permanent? What Are My Options for Treating Erectile Dysfunction? What Causes Erectile Dysfunction? Can Vitamins Improve Symptoms of Erectile Dysfunction? Is There a Cure for Erectile Dysfunction? What Are the Advantages and Disadvantages of Erectile Dysfunction Medications? Is It Possible to Treat ED Without Medication? Last updated/reviewed: January 13, 2017Written by/reviewed by: Arthur Schoenstadt, MDLast reviewed by: Arthur Schoenstadt, MDProstate Cancer Information Prostate Cancer Causes of Prostate Cancer Prostate Cancer Symptoms Prostate Cancer Diagnosis PSA Test Low PSA and Prostate Cancer Stages of Prostate Cancer Gleason Score Prostate Cancer Treatment Prostate Cancer Prognosis Prostate Cancer Screening Prostate Cancer Preven
REASONS TO CHOOSE HERMAN LEGAL GROUP 20+ YEARS’ EXPERIENCEIN IMMIGRATION LAWADVOCATESFOR IMMIGRANT RIGHTSAWARD-WINNINGNATIONALLY-RECOGNIZED LAW FIRMTHOUSANDSOF SATISFIED CLIENTSPASSION FOR IMMIGRANTSOur honest and compassionate legal team offers a true understanding of the immigrant perspective. This includes a keen awareness of our clients’ cultures, values and beliefs. Read more →RICHARD HERMANAs the founder of Herman Legal Group, Richard is a nationally-known advocate for immigrant rights, highest-rated lawyer, author, and sought-out commentator on immigration. Read more →12 LANGUAGES SPOKENWe are well versed in several languages. Our ability to communicate fluently with clients gives us an edge in accurately obtaining facts and best representing clients in trial. Read more →WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY“Herman Legal Group’s team of attorneys are outstanding and are clearly one of the best in the field of immigration law, based on my experience…”Read more →AT HERMAN LEGAL GROUP, YOUR FUTURE MATTERS MOST Call Now for Your FREE Telephone Consult1-800-808-4013Are you searching for an immigration attorney in Cleveland, Columbus, Detroit, Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Buffalo or Charlotte that will treat you with respect and guide you through the process of the law, protecting your rights and advocating for you or your family member every step of the way? Herman Legal Group represents individuals throughout the U. S. with a variety of circumstances. Our outstanding service and documented results are reflected by what our clients say about us. Widely respected on a national level for our Immigration Law Services In Ohio and Michigan only, we also address cases involving: Criminal Defense Personal Injury Divorce Business Law Employment Law REASONS TO CHOOSE HERMAN LEGAL GROUPAggressive legal representation50+ years of combined experience AV-rated, highest ranking for a law firm by Martindale-Hubell24-7 availability Expert knowledge, extensive trial background Hundreds of very satisfied clients Multilingual staff speaks over 12 languages Outstanding value with competitive legal fees and volume discounts Free phone consultation: 1 (800) 808-4013Several office locations in Ohio, Michigan, Pennsylvania, New York, N. Carolina IMMIGRATION LAW OFFICES IN OHIO, MICHIGAN, PITTSBURGH, BUFFALO, CHARLOTTESearching for a Cleveland immigration lawyer, or maybe a Dearborn immigration lawyer? Herman Legal Group represents clients in all 50 states. While being proudly headquartered in Cleveland, we have immigration law offices in Columbus, Detroit, Cincinnati, Toledo, Akron, Dayton, Youngstown, Pittsburgh, Buffalo, Erie, and Charlotte, to best meet our clients’ needs regardless of their location. CALL NOW FOR YOUR FREE PHONE CONSULTGet the help you need. Contact us today!1 (800) 808-4013 24/7 Evenings & Weekends Name (required)Email (required)Phone Number (required)Subject Tell us about your case Our Awards 
What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (1962 film) What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (1962 film) What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? is a 1962 American psychological thriller–horror film produced and directed by Robert Aldrich, starring Bette Davis and Joan Crawford, about an aging former actress who holds her paraplegic ex-movie star sister captive in an old Hollywood mansion. The screenplay by Lukas Heller is based on the novel "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" by Henry Farrell. Upon the film's release, it was met with widespread critical and box office acclaim and was later nominated for five Academy Awards, winning one for Best Costume Design, Black and
. MODx encountered the following error while attempting to parse the requested resource:« PHP Parse Error »PHP error debug Error: mysql_connect () [ function.mysql-connect ]: Access denied for user 'db45163'@'64.13.192.14' (using password: YES)Error type/ Nr. : Warning - 2File: /nfs/c01/h02/mnt/45163/domains/laddmcnamara.com/html/manager/includes/extenders/dbapi.mysql.class.inc.php Line: 87Line 87 source: if (!$this->conn = ($persist ? mysql_pconnect ($host, $uid, $pwd) : mysql_connect ($host, $uid, $pwd, true))) {Parser timing My SQL: 0.0000 s ( 0 Requests)PHP: 0.0763 s Total: 0.0763 s 
Sheriff Woody Sheriff Woody From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Sheriff Woody Toy Story character Woody as he appears in Toy Story 3First appearance Toy Story (1995)Created by John Lasseter Pete Docter Andrew Stanton Joe Ranft Bud Luckey Voiced by Tom Hanks ( films, Toy Story Toons, TV Specials, Kingdom Hearts III, commercials) Jim Hanks ( Toy Story Treats, Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins, video games, merchandise, attractions)Information Gender Male Occupation Cowboy Sheriff Woody Pride is a fictional character in the Toy Story franchise created by Pixar. He is a floppy pull-string cowboy doll and the leader of the toys in the movies. His facial features are based on Tone Thyne, a former Disney animator. [1] He is voiced by Tom Hanks in the feature-length films and short films, and Jim Hanks in video games and shorts until Disney Magic Kingdoms. Contents [ hide ]1 Appearances1.1 Toy Story1.2 Toy Story 21.3 Toy Story 31.4 Toy Story 41.5 Other appearances2 Characteristics3 Pullstring quotes4 Lego sets5 Reception6 References7 External links Appearances [ edit]Tom Hanks, Woody's primary voice actor Toy Story [ edit]In Toy Story, Woody is the favorite toy of his owner Andy Davis and the leader of the toys in Andy's room. However, his position is jeopardized by the arrival of Buzz Lightyear, an astronaut action figure that Andy gets as a birthday present. Buzz is convinced that he is an actual space ranger. Jealous, Woody uses Buzz's belief that he is a space ranger against him to try to knock him out of sight, in hopes of retaining his status as Andy's favorite toy; Buzz instead falls out the open window and Mr. Potato Head and the other toys accuse Woody of getting rid of Buzz on purpose, despite his attempt to convince them it was just an accident, and they became antagonistic towards him. Woody's plan initially proves effective, as Andy brings him on the car ride to the pizza establishment "Pizza Planet"; however, he encounters the antagonized Buzz, who had climbed onto the bumper while the van was pulling out of the driveway and entered through the open sunroof while it stopped at a gas station, Buzz then pushes Woody out of the van in order to get revenge for what Woody had done to him and then they fight. As a result, they both wind up getting left behind, but hitch a ride to Pizza Planet aboard a delivery truck. While Woody tries to reunite himself and Buzz with Andy, Buzz wanders off toward a rocket shaped claw machine much to Woody's dismay. They both wind up as prizes inside the machine and are snatched by Andy's malicious neighbor Sid Phillips, who likes abusing, destroying, and generally mistreating toys. With Andy's family about to move to a new house, Woody is frantic to plan an escape and encounters all of the toys monstrously reconstructed by Sid, where he discovers that they actually prove quite friendly and hospitable. As the movie carries on, Woody and Buzz race to escape Sid and Buzz discovers that he is an action figure. Woody even tries to get Andy's toys to help them but they refuse after believing that he murdered Buzz. When Sid plans to blow Buzz to bits using a firework rocket, Woody devises a rescue mission enlisting assistance from the toys, effectively petrifying Sid by coming to life in front of him. Later, when trying to get on board the moving truck containing the other toys, Woody attempts to use RC to rescue Buzz from Scud but the other toys (now thinking that Woody had killed RC as well) antagonize him again and throw him off the truck. Buzz and RC pick up Woody and once the other toys realize that Buzz and RC are alive they try to help them get back on board but fail. Buzz and Woody manage to return to Andy and reconcile afterward, and Woody is re-accepted amongst the other toys, sharing the status as Andy's favorite toy with Buzz. A running gag is that throughout the movie Woody intentionally mispronounces Buzz's last name to mock him and Buzz fails to notice, such as "Light-beer" and "Light-snack". Toy Story 2 [ edit]In Toy Story 2, Woody is prepar
General object-based features account for letter perception After years of experience, humans become experts at perceiving letters. Is this visual capacity attained by learning specialized letter features, or by reusing general visual features previously learned in service of object categorization? To explore this question, we first measured the perceptual similarity of letters in two behavioral tasks, visual search and letter categorization. Then, we trained deep convolutional neural networks on either 26-way letter categorization or 1000-way object categorization, as a way to operationalize possible specialized letter features and general object-based features, respectively. We found that the general object-based features more robustly correlated with the perceptual similarity of letters. We then operationalized additional forms of experience-dependent letter specialization by altering object-trained networks with varied forms of letter training; however, none of these forms of letter specialization improved the match to human behavior. Thus, our findings reveal that it is not necessary to appeal to specialized letter representations to account for perceptual similarity of letters. Instead, we argue that it is more likely that the perception of letters depends on domain-general visual features.

AUTHOR SUMMARYIn literate societies, the ability to visually recognize letters is a highly important skill. For over a century, scientists have conducted behavioral experiments to investigate how the visual system recognizes letters, but it has proven difficult to propose a model of the feature space underlying this capacity. Here we leveraged recent advances in machine learning to model a wide variety of features ranging from specialized letter features to general object-based features. Across two large-scale behavioral experiments we find that general object-based features account well for letter perception, and that adding letter specialization did not improve the correspondence to human behavior. It is plausible that the ability to recognize letters largely relies on general visual features unaltered by letter learning.
- Platforms refer to the structures or vehicles on which remote sensing instruments are mounted. The platform on which a particular sensor is housed determines a number of attributes, which may dictate the use of particular sensors. These attributes include: distance the sensor is from the object of interest, periodicity of image acquisition, timing of image acquisition, and location and extent of coverage. There are three broad categories of remote sensing platforms: ground based, airborne, and satellite. 3.1.1 Ground based -- A wide variety of ground based platforms are used in remote sensing. Some of the more common ones are hand held devices, tripods, towers and cranes.
Teen softball star suffers burns on 95% of her body in bonfire accident while making s'mores on New Year's Eve Teen softball star suffers burns on 95% of her body in bonfire accident while making s'mores on New Year's Eve BY David Boroff NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Wednesday, January 3, 2018, 2:37 PMfacebook Tweet email A 14-year-old softball star in Florida suffered burns on 95% of her body in a freak bonfire accident on New Year's Eve. Layne Chesney is fighting for her life in a medically-induced coma at a Miami hospital. "Police arrived at my house and told me there had been an accident," mother Leigh Chesney told TC Palm. "I thought it was a car accident. "Layne was making s'mores with friends at a Fort Pierce home when she tried to revive the bonfire by pouring gasoline on it. The gas can exploded, according to the Miami Herald. SEE IT: Milwaukee officers pull teens from burning car Her friend and her friend's parents tried to help Layne, and all three of them were hospitalized as well, according to TC Palm. Robert Holmes, the father of friend Hunter Holmes, used his body to try to snuff out the fire, Leigh Chesney told WPTV. "If it wasn’t for the dad to risk his life like that, she probably wouldn't have survived," the mom told the station. Layne suffered third-degree burns on most of her body. She was able to speak before being placed in the medically-induced coma. Firefighters save family of 7 from burning NYC housing project"They are removing all skin to the muscle," her mother told TC Palm. "She is in grave condition. The risk of infection is high. "She has undergone two surgeries, including one that lasted seven hours, according to WPEC. She is expected to have more surgery this week. Layne Chesney was severely injured while making s'mores on New Year's Eve. (Facebook)In addition to being a star athlete, the ninth-grader is a straight-A student, according to the station. "She is an all-around great person, and she was great with all the other kids," Lincoln Park Academy softball coach Roger Mathews told TC Palm. "The kids loved her and she always had a smile on her face. I would yell at her in practice and she would look at me with a smile, like, 'What are you looking at me for? I did what you asked me to do? '"UK surgeon admits to burning initials on patients’ livers Layne played the pivotal shortstop position and hit .346 last season, according to the coach. "She was just coming around," he told the newspaper. "Last year, I saw the potential in her and started as a leadoff hitter and she started hitting home runs for us. I saw her power, and she was always on base. "When I saw her in conditioning back in late October, I saw she had a little growth spurt and she just looked physically stronger," he continued. "When we ended conditioning in December, she was in exceptional shape and good spirits. "A Go Fund Me page was launched to raise money for Layne and her family. The page has raised more than $8,000 in just two days. Two women die trying to rescue cat from burning home"She’s going to have a very difficult long battle, she’s going to have many, many setbacks. It’s not going to be easy," Leigh Chesney told WPEC. Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emailsprivacy policy Tags: florida Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet 
How to Pass JSON NSString containing JSON to a Javascript Method from an Objective C method
- Sprinkle 1 teaspoon ... spice blend. Pat pork roast dry with paper ... or until internal temperature reaches 160 F. for medium or 170 F. for well done.
YMCA The Young Men's Christian Association (commonly known as YMCA or simply the Y) is a worldwide organization based in Geneva, Switzerland with more than 57 million beneficiaries from 125 national associations.he goal of the YMCA is to strengthen communities through youth development, healthy living and social responsibility.. Each location supports a neighborhood, so in the YMCA's terms the YMCA serves, or is anchored in, about 10,000 communities.
I Can't Let Go I Can't Let Go "I Can't Let Go" is a song co-written by Al Gorgoni and Chip Taylor, who also wrote "Wild Thing". "I Can't Let Go" was originally recorded by blue-eyed soul singer Evie Sands' on George Goldner's Blue Cat label, which was popular in New York City in 1965. The song became popular in 1966 for the group The Hollies, who charted at number two in the UK Singles Chart with their version. Linda Ronstadt covered the song in 1980 and had a number 31 hit on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. "I Can't Let Go" is
Why did the Japanese invade Southeast Asia? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories History, Politics & Society History War and Military History World War 2 WW2 Axis Powers Japan in WW2 Why did the Japanese invade Southeast Asia? Flag Why did the Japanese invade Southeast Asia? Answer by Mark Delgado Confidence votes 1632 big reasons. first, the Japanese had almost no natural resources. Rubber, tin, iron, et cetera are found in abundance in SE Asia, but not in Japan. Japan wanted an empire, and empires need resources. So, the thinking was, "why not take it?" And take it they did. Japan came up with this "Greater East Asia Co Prosperity Sphere" as spin and P. R. to get the Southeast Asian nations to buy into this idea. It was pure hokey. Second, the Japanese fought with the Allies in World War I. They expected to get Germany's pacific colonies and more territory at the Treaty of Versailles conference. The Western powers virtually ignored Japan and treated the Japanese representatives like 2nd class citizens. This did not sit well with Japan, so Imperial Japan felt it was their right and their due to go GET an empire. If you aren't going to be given some of the spoils of war after fighting on the winning side, you're going to go take it. I say this not to defend Japanese actions during World War II. I strongly condemn Japanese atrocities during the War. A Japanese artillery shell permanently blinded my grandfather and killed many of his unit on Papua New Guinea in 1942. Nevertheless I hope this explains why the Japanese invaded southeast Asia.13 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Where can you find information about Japanese raids on Southeast Asia? Start with a book on the subject of the sinking of the British battleship HMS Prince of Wales, and British battlecruiser HMS Repulse, both sunk on December 10, 1941 (three day …R32451 15,220 Contributions Why did the Japanese want to conquer Southeast Asia during World War 2? Answer . They felt that they were superior and felt that they had the right to take over Asia to provide more resources for themselves. Where is southeast Asia?found in the southeast portion of asia...countries in southeast are philippines, thailand, indonesia..etc.. Swim4life24 1 Contribution What was the us response to Japanese aggression in southeast Asia in mid-1941? In reaction to the Japanese's Aggression, the United States restricted the sale of scrap iron and aviation fuel to Japan. Before this, the US had stayed isolationist for the m …124C41 47,324 Contributions The main reason Japan invaded Southeast Asia during World War 2 was to?. . . to exploit mineral resources such as oil . What was the us response to japanese aggression in southeast asia in mid 1941?they didnt By 1942 the Japanese empire strected from southeast Asia to the western what? Western Pacific Ocean Pokemon9590 351 Contributions When did japan invade southeast Asia?they invaded from 1940 to 1942, and some in 1943. What was the main reason Japan invaded Southeast Asia during World War 2?because they whan to prevent the united state from entering the war . . to exploit mineral resources such as oil .\n Why were many southeast Asians disappointed when the Japanese invaded the region in world war-ii? They were disappointed because Japanese rule proved to be as harsh as that of the former colonial powers. Why do you think the US was so concerned about Japanese expansion into southeast Asia? The US Government was concerned about violence in Asia partly because of several American bases that would be threatened. Why did Japan invade southeast Asia during world war 2? Asia may look very innocent but it is not. Korea planned this attack for many years and thank the lord it went rite. If the plan did not go rite then Asia would still be Ameri …Answered In History, Politics & Society What was the US response to Japanese aggresion in Southeast Asia in mid-1941? Tariffs quotas,and taxes on Japanese products. Ban on oil, steel, concrete sales to Japan Answered In Japan in WW2Why was the US concerned about Japanese 
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Oil is not from dinosaurs, it's from plants. It's concentrated because billions of years ago these areas had a lot of plants. One billion years from now the Amazon rainforest will become a hot spot for oil.
Function Tables Math Algebra Function Tables Function Tables Functions and relations play a very important role in mathematics. A relation defines the connection between sets of ordered pairs. A function is a kind of relation which represents outputs for each permissible input, provided that there is only one output value for each input value. There are different types of functions used in mathematics. The most commonly used are polynomial function, linear function, quadratic function, logarithmic function, exponential function, algebraic function etc. Function tables are used to find the value of expression. The algebraic expression deals with variables, the variable contains only the alphabetic letters. Algebraic expression may include real number and polynomials. In a function, for each input, there is only one output. Definition Back to Top Function is a relationship between dependent variable and independent variable. A function table displays the relationship between the inputs and outputs of the function. A function table will also follow the rules of a function in that every input only produces one output. Function tables are the tables that represent few or all of the possible input values with their corresponding outputs. It is a display of the relationship between input variable or independent variable and output variable or dependent variable. Function table enables us to identify the category in which the function can be classified, such as - injective, surjective, bijection function, identity or constant function. Function tables give a clear idea about the function. It makes the graphical representation of the function quite easy. In fact, it is essential to make a function table in order to draw its graph. Linear Function Table Back to Top A linear function is a mathematical equation having one independent and one dependent variable. Generally, linear function can be written in the form y = ax + b. Let y = 10x - 2. Let us find the values of y for x = 0, 1, 2, 3. Given linear function is y = 10x - 2 Linear Function Table:x y = 10x - 20 10 * 0 - 2 = -21 10 * 1 - 2 = 10 - 2 = 82 10 * 2 - 2 = 20 - 2 = 183 10 * 3 - 2 = 30 - 2 = 28Quadratic Function Table Back to Top Quadratic function is a function with degree 2. The general form of quadratic function is f ( x) = a + bx + c. Quadratic function is defined as follows:f ( x) = + bx + c, a 0 where, a, b and c be real numbers. Using square equation in algebra function table of f ( x) = + 2x + 14, let us find the f ( 1), f ( 2), f ( 3) and f ( 4). Equation is in the form of quadratic. Using the value of x, find the function. Quadratic Function Table: X f ( x) = + 2 x + 14 f ( x)1 f ( x) = + 2 1 + 14 = 1 + 2 + 14 = 17 f ( 1) = 172 f ( x) =+ 22 + 14 = 4 + 4 + 14 = 22 f ( 2) = 223 f ( x) =+ 23 + 14 = 9 + 6 + 14 = 29 f ( 3) = 294 f ( x) =+ 24 + 14 = 16 + 8 + 14 = 38 f ( 4) = 38The values of function f ( 1 ), f ( 2 ), f ( 3) and f ( 4) are 17, 22, 29 and 38. Exponential Function Table Back to Top An exponential function with base "a" is denoted by, f (x) = y =. The domain of exponential functions is the set of all real numbers. Exponential function is also called as transcendental function. Let y =. Let us find the values of y for x = -1, 0, 1, 2. Given exponential function is y = Exponential Function Table:x y =-1 = =0 = = 11 = =2 = =Graphing Function Tables Back to Top The graph of a function y = f (x) is the collection of all ordered pairs (x, y). Graphs are very important for giving a visual representation of the relationship between two variables in an equation. One of the easiest ways to graph functions is to use a table. By choosing the values, we put into the function and create a set of values. Rules for Creating Graph of Function:1) Select several values for x2) Substitute each value of x into the equation3) Solve the equation for y4) Plot each solution on a coordinate plane.5) Draw curve or line by matching all the points. Let us draw the graph for the equation, y = 2x - 1 Given equation is y = 2x - 1 Step 1: Here, y is the function of x Choose any value for x
The condition is called nystagmus. It has to do with alcohol diffusing into the membrane of your inner ear. This changes the specific gravity of the membrane that is perceived as motion by your brain, which tries to accommodate. It’s coupled with an eye twitch to one side as you sense things moving, try to track with your eyes, and they quickly reset. The same process happens in reverse as you’re sobering up, with all of this changin direction. Have fun tracking this through your inebriation! Maybe with a couple selfie vids in the mirror?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined?
- Newton County Public Schools. There are 25 public schools in Newton County, Georgia, serving 20,256 students. Newton County, GA public schools have a diversity scoreThe chance that two students selected at random would be members of a different ethnic group. Scored from 0 to 1, a diversity score closer to 1 indicates a more diverse student body. of 0.46, which is higher than the Georgia average of 0.41.
Dozens, if not more. A "cold" is really just a generic name for many different types of viral infections. In fact, there are over 200 types of viruses that cause a cold. We don't really monitor what specific viruses are circulating though, because it's just not worth the money to test people for something that's not deadly, and only gets you mildly sick for a couple days. The flu, on the other hand, is very closely monitored. There's usually 3 or 4 major flu viruses circulating every winter. [The CDC monitors this and you can see what they find here](_URL_0_).
Definition of 'peasant' Definition of 'peasant'Learner: peasant Video English: peasant American: peasant Trends Translationspeasant ( p e z ənt)Word forms: plural peasantscountable noun [ NOUN noun]A peasant is a poor person of low social status who works on the land; used of people who live in countries where farming is still a common way of life....the peasants in the Peruvian highlands. Chinese peasants farm their own plots. More Synonyms of peasant COBUILD Advanced English Dictionary. Copyright © Harper Collins Publishers Video: pronunciation of 'peasant'How to pronounce PEASANT in British English Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:00 / 0:12peasantin British ( ˈpɛz ənt)noun1. a. a member of a class of low socialstatus that depends on either cottage industry or agricultural labour as a means of subsistenceb. ( as modifier )peasant dress2. informala person who lives in the country; rustic3. informalan uncouth or uncultured person Collins English Dictionary. Copyright © Harper Collins Publishers Word origin of 'peasant' C15: from Anglo-French, from Old French païsant, from païs country, from Latin pāgus rural area; see paganpeasantin American ( ˈpɛzənt; pezˈənt)noun1. any person of the class of small farmers or of farm laborers, as in Europe or Asia2. a person regarded as coarse, boorish, ignorant, etc. Webster’s New World College Dictionary, 4th Edition. Copyright © 2010 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. All rights reserved. Word origin of 'peasant' LME paissaunt < Anglo-Fr paisant < MFr païsent < OFr < païs, country < LL pagensis, belonging to the district < pagus, district: see pagan Trends of 'peasant'In Common Usage. peasant is one of the 10000 most commonly used words in the Collins dictionary View usage for: Years Frequency:1710 0.41711 0.217121713 0.417141715171617171718171917201721172217231724 0.2617251726172717281729173017311732173317341735 0.211736 0.9617371738 0.161739174017411742174317441745 0.1717461747 0.1217481749175017511752175317541755 0.07175617571758 0.13175917601761176217631764 0.08176517661767 0.23176817691770 0.117711772177317741775 0.06177617771778 0.2617791780 0.171781 0.07178217831784 0.031785 0.091786 0.21787 0.031788 0.761789 0.417901791 0.241792 0.21793 0.251794 0.531795 0.261796 0.31797 1.21798 0.291799 0.751800 0.891801 0.781802 1.221803 1.921804 2.071805 1.91806 2.451807 2.481808 1.831809 2.271810 2.491811 2.531812 1.971813 2.381814 1.961815 1.981816 2.191817 2.131818 2.541819 2.811820 2.621821 2.621822 2.191823 2.721824 2.461825 2.451826 2.891827 2.761828 2.731829 2.391830 2.321831 3.021832 2.791833 2.561834 2.891835 2.721836 2.71837 2.521838 2.381839 2.571840 2.531841 2.741842 3.041843 2.441844 2.751845 2.591846 2.941847 2.531848 2.831849 2.631850 2.91851 2.561852 2.871853 3.021854 3.181855 2.741856 2.911857 2.721858 2.441859 2.721860 2.61861 2.841862 2.671863 2.821864 3.121865 3.231866 2.521867 2.481868 2.411869 2.641870 3.011871 2.521872 31873 2.871874 2.881875 2.741876 2.771877 3.171878 3.271879 2.641880 2.961881 3.081882 2.731883 2.651884 2.631885 31886 2.771887 2.971888 3.041889 2.71890 2.911891 2.721892 3.111893 2.841894 2.741895 2.981896 3.041897 2.881898 2.81899 2.61900 3.051901 2.71902 2.781903 2.921904 2.971905 3.331906 3.441907 3.931908 3.251909 3.191910 3.111911 3.251912 3.161913 3.461914 3.641915 3.761916 3.731917 3.391918 3.21919 3.411920 3.071921 3.131922 3.181923 3.51924 3.741925 3.411926 3.541927 3.611928 4.291929 3.571930 3.491931 4.111932 3.491933 3.581934 4.381935 3.471936 4.321937 4.151938 3.811939 4.221940 5.191941 4.771942 6.71943 5.021944 5.051945 4.261946 4.971947 4.91948 3.591949 3.961950 4.431951 3.431952 2.721953 3.871954 3.951955 3.651956 3.471957 3.741958 4.441959 4.21960 4.041961 3.491962 3.41963 3.151964 3.431965 3.651966 4.321967 3.661968 3.781969 3.771970 4.231971 4.521972 3.31973 3.971974 3.561975 3.811976 3.431977 3.811978 4.121979 3.951980 3.541981 3.731982 4.081983 3.481984 3.551985 3.411986 3.671987 3.591988 3.921989 3.391990 3.231991 3.391
Fremont Street Experience the power to 555,000 watts. The 2004 upgrade features a 12.5-million LED display and more color combinations than the original display. The old control system was replaced by a central control room using 10 computers. The city's SDX and Deuce buses stop here. Fremont Street Experience The Fremont Street Experience (FSE) is a pedestrian mall and attraction in Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada. The FSE occupies the westernmost five blocks of Fremont Street, including the area known for years as "Glitter Gulch," and portions of some other adjacent streets. The central attraction is a barrel vault canopy, high at the peak
Vista del Lago Resort Campground in Wright County MN Vista del Lago Resort Campground - Cultural Feature (Locale) in Wright County. Vista del Lago Resort Campground is a cultural feature (locale) in Wright County. The primary coordinates for Vista del Lago Resort Campground places it within the MN 55349 ZIP Code delivery area.
Life of William Shakespeare of the church for £440 (a considerable sum of money at the time). A monument on the wall nearest his grave, probably placed by his family, features a bust showing Shakespeare posed in the act of writing. Each year on his claimed birthday, a new quill pen is placed in the writing hand of the bust. He is believed to have written the epitaph on his tombstone. Life of William Shakespeare William Shakespeare was an actor, playwright, poet, and theatre entrepreneur in London during the late Elizabethan and early Jacobean eras. He was baptised on 26 April 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon
"Speaking the King's/Queen's English" meaning speaking English as the king/queen would.  It comes from Shakespeare, though he only used it once.  I'm just a Yank though, maybe a Limey will have a different perspective. Edit: Clarity
Richard Nixon Richard Milhous Nixon ( January 9 , 1913 -- April 22 , 1994 ) was an American politician who served as the 37th President of the United States from 1969 until 1974 , when he became the only U.S. president to resign from office . He had previously served as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961 under the presidency of Dwight D. Eisenhower , and prior to that as a U.S. Representative and also Senator from California .   Nixon was born in Yorba Linda , California . After completing his undergraduate studies at Whittier College , he graduated from Duke University School of Law in 1937 and returned to California to practice law . He and his wife Pat moved to Washington in 1942 to work for the federal government . He subsequently served on active duty in the U.S. Navy Reserve during World War II . Nixon was elected to the House of Representatives in 1946 and to the Senate in 1950 . His pursuit of the Hiss Case established his reputation as a leading anti-communist , and elevated him to national prominence . He was the running mate of Dwight D. Eisenhower , the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 1952 election . Nixon served for eight years as vice president -- at 40 , the second-youngest vice president in history . He waged an unsuccessful presidential campaign in 1960 , narrowly losing to John F. Kennedy , and lost a race for Governor of California to Pat Brown in 1962 . In 1968 , he ran for the presidency again and was elected by defeating incumbent Vice President Hubert Humphrey .   Nixon ended American involvement in the war in Vietnam in 1973 and brought the American POWs home , and ended the military draft . Nixon 's visit to the People 's Republic of China in 1972 eventually led to diplomatic relations between the two nations , and he initiated détente and the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with the Soviet Union the same year . His administration generally transferred power from Washington D.C. to the states . He imposed wage and price controls for a period of ninety days , enforced desegregation of Southern schools and established the Environmental Protection Agency . Nixon also presided over the Apollo 11 moon landing , which signaled the end of the moon race . He was reelected in one of the largest electoral landslides in U.S. history in 1972 , when he defeated George McGovern .   The year 1973 saw an Arab oil embargo , gasoline rationing , and a continuing series of revelations about the Watergate scandal . The scandal escalated , costing Nixon much of his political support , and on August 9 , 1974 , he resigned in the face of almost certain impeachment and removal from office . After his resignation , he was issued a pardon by his successor , Gerald Ford . In retirement , Nixon 's work writing several books and undertaking of many foreign trips helped to rehabilitate his image . He suffered a debilitating stroke on April 18 , 1994 , and died four days later at the age of 81 .
- By convention, the refractive index of a vacuum is defined as having a value of 1.0. The index of refraction, n, of other transparent materials is defined through the equation: n = c/v. where c is the speed of light, and v is the velocity of light in that material. Since the refractive index of a vacuum is defined as 1.0 and a vacuum is devoid of any material, the refractive indices of all transparent materials are therefore greater than 1.0.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Widespread drought in North China, combined with the imperialist designs of European powers and the instability of the Qing government, created conditions that led to the emergence of the Righteous and Harmonious Fists, or "Boxers." In 1900, local groups of Boxers proclaiming support for the Qing dynasty murdered foreign missionaries and large numbers of Chinese Christians, then converged on Beijing to besiege the Foreign Legation Quarter. A coalition of European, Japanese, and Russian armies (the Eight-Nation Alliance) then entered China without diplomatic notice, much less permission. Cixi declared war on all of these nations, only to lose control of Beijing after a short, but hard-fought campaign. She fled to Xi'an. The victorious allies drew up scores of demands on the Qing government, including compensation for their expenses in invading China and execution of complicit officials.
Achalasia Without a modifier, achalasia usually refers to achalasia of the esophagus, which is also called esophageal achalasia, achalasia cardiae, cardiospasm, and esophageal aperistalsis. Achalasia can happen at various points along the gastrointestinal tract; achalasia of the rectum, for instance, in Hirschsprung's disease.
comed fax number for medical comed fax number for medical. Mar 8, 2015 … based on the number of patients it serves within …. certificates denoting the …… (315) 788-8280 • Fax: (315) 785-9715. ..9. packet to register, which can be obtained by calling the phone number below.
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
Defined benefit and final salary pensions 1 The number of years you have paid into the scheme. 2  Your salary – this might be your final salary when you retire, or your average salary across your career. 3  Your pension scheme's 'accrual rate' - this is a formula that's used to calculate your final retirement income. Your final salary when you retire is £30,000. 2  You've worked at your company for 40 years. 3  Your company uses an accrual rate of 1/60th. 4  Your annual pension would be £20,000 (40 (years) x 1/60th (accrual) x £30,000 (final salary).
In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway modelling debut at Tom Ford's Spring/Summer 2011 fashion show. She was named "World's Most Beautiful Woman" by People and the "Hottest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, GQ placed her on its cover, featuring her atop its "100 Sexiest Women of the 21st Century" list. VH1 listed her at number 1 on its 100 Sexiest Artists list. Several wax figures of Beyoncé are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world, including New York, Washington, D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood and Sydney.
Minimum Viable Product (MVP) Definition - What does Minimum Viable Product (MVP) mean? A minimum viable product (MVP) is a development technique in which a new product or website is developed with sufficient features to satisfy early adopters. The final, complete set of features is only designed and developed after considering feedback from the product's initial users.
- Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Philadelphia Willow Grove. Fairfield Inn & Suites Philadelphia Willow Grove is the perfect home base while pursuing business or leisure opportunities near the City of Brotherly Love. Our brand-new hotel near Abington offers convenience to a variety of notable attract...
Clark Gable seven times, and he was paired with Jean Harlow in six productions. He also starred with Lana Turner in four features, and with Norma Shearer and Ava Gardner in three each. Gable's final film, "The Misfits" (1961), united him with Marilyn Monroe (also in her last completed screen appearance). Gable is considered one of the most consistent box-office performers in history, appearing on Quigley Publishing's annual Top Ten Money Making Stars Poll 16 times. He was named the seventh-greatest male star of classic American cinema by the American Film Institute. William Clark Gable was born in Cadiz, Ohio, to William
. Q How much does amazon pay warehouse workers? How much is the employees insurance if you work for amazon Topic: Asked by: Eric In Local Businesses > London > Working>A Top Solutions If this is all you wanna ask Do you need a workers permit to work at mcdonalds at 15 years ... read more I would say that to start they make about $10.00 an hour just for general labor ... read more Visitors to this page also searched for: Serp 5191 1 Serp 5146 1Add your answer Post to Facebook Post to Twitter Subscribe me Solutions Anonymous2 3 How much does a sears warehouse worker make. Was this answer helpful? Yes | No Comment Reply Report This answer closely relates to: Average pay for teamster warehouse workers Amazon pay warehouse workers Amazon warehouse worker Suggested Solutions (6) What's this?shaby Level 5 (Scholar)53 Answers, 2 Followers5 1 If this is all you wanna ask Do you need a workers permit to work at mcdonalds at 15 years then let me tell ya that in case of Mcdonalds so all that you have to do is to get information of your area because it varies from state to state . In some states you don t need work permit like the Pakistan and India so its all up to you and your area hope to answer your question.source: Do you need a workers permit to work at mcdonalds at 15 years? Was this answer helpful? Yes | No Comment Reply Report This answer closely relates to: Amazon workers paid weekly Amazon workers make Workers at matrix how much are they paid Anonymous2 0 I would say that to start they make about $10.00 an hour just for general labor.source: How much do family dollar warehouse workers make? Was this answer helpful? Yes | No Someone said: wrong you make more than min wage even as seasonal Was this comment helpful? Yes | No Someone said: i apply for a job at they warehouse it starts off 13 a hour and it goes up for diffrent shift Was this comment helpful? Yes | No Comment Reply Report This answer closely relates to: Sanbernandino calif how much do you get paid working at amazon hourly At amazon how often do we get pto hours Amazon salaries paid hourlycheap shoes Level 1 (Contributor)1 Answer"You got cheap shoes online .i like cheap designer shoes as..."1 1 This is a great post. you got cheap shoes online . I like cheap designer shoes as well give you designer shoes outlet http://www.cheap-shoes-online.org.source: How much dsw shoes workers make? Was this answer helpful? Yes | No Comment Reply Report Anonymous1 0 If they started in the 90s. now you can expect to make 8.00-9.00.source: How much do warehouse workers at home depot get paid? Was this answer helpful? Yes | No Comment Reply Reportsbahlawan Level 1 (Contributor)2 Answers0 1 I think it depends on your experience and how long you`ve been with them...they may start you at minimum wage like most companies.source: How much target pays workers? Was this answer helpful? Yes | No Comment Reply Reportchrisandnishali Level 1 (Contributor)1 Answer0 0 To give your insurance information and talk to your co-worker and explain to him/her that you hit the car door.source: I hit a co workers car with my car door and dented it what is my responsibility? Was this answer helpful? Yes | No Comment Reply Report This answer closely relates to: Rickenback warehouse workers and how much money can they make Amazon worker pay for overnight Add Your Answer How much does amazon pay warehouse workers? How much is the employees insurance if you work for amazon Post to Facebook Post to Twitter Subscribe me Can you help us by answering one of these related questions? What happens if i enter wrong details in amazon and i buy something? What happens if amazon delivers to the wrong place? What happens if amazon delivers to the wrong address? I was looking for a shoe on amazon and the size i need is 9 but they have listed 9e2 us,, what does that e2 mean thank you? What happens amazon order wrong house? How fast do amazon transfer money? Can somone commit cc fraud on amazon? What happens if my package sent to wrong address amazon? How much does amazon charge for shipping to australia shoes? How do amazo
Trying to Conceive: 12 Tips for Men Photo Credit: Shutterstock Slide 1 of 25Introduction It takes two to make a baby. Although a woman will carry and deliver the child, a man also has a leading role in pregnancy. For fertilization to occur, his sperm must be healthy and strong to reach and penetrate her egg. To make this process happen, a man must be able to have and keep an erection, have enough sperm that are the right shape and move in the right way, and have enough semen to carry the sperm to the egg, suggests the U. S. Office on Women’s Health (OWH). A problem in any step in this process can cause trouble conceiving. A variety of factors, from genetics and lifestyle to environmental exposures and hormones, can affect a man's fertility, so it's difficult to isolate the exact cause for infertility, said Dr. Jared Robins, chief of reproductive endocrinology and infertility at Northwestern Medicine's Fertility and Reproductive Medicine in Chicago. In fact, doctors can identify the cause of problems in about 80 percent of infertile couples, Robins noted. When there is a known cause of infertility, problems in the male partner tend to account for about 40 percent of infertile couples, Robins said. When asked for his most important recommendation for men who want to start a family, Robins said, "A man should make sure he has a happy, healthy lifestyle — and a good relationship." Robins said one of the problems he sees is that when couples become so fertility focused, they essentially stop having sex until they think it's the best times to conceive. "Their sex lives become focused on pregnancy, so infrequent sex can be a problem in these couples," he said. The focus on fertility can also be stressful on a relationship, Robins noted. But there are many steps that men can take to enhance their health, lifestyle and relationship to increase a couple's chances of conceiving. Here are 12 tips for men who want to improve their fertility. 
How can i convince my parents to get me a bike?
Commerce Clause From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Constitutional Law of the United States Overview Articles Amendments History Judicial review Principles Separation of powers Individual rights Rule of law Federalism Republicanism Government structure Legislative branch Executive branch Judicial branch State government Local government Individual rights Freedom of religion Freedom of speech Freedom of the press Freedom of assembly Right to petition Freedom of association Right to keep and bear arms Right to trial by jury Criminal procedural rights Right to privacy Freedom from slavery Due process Equal protection Citizenship Voting rights Theory Living Constitution Originalism Purposivism Textualism Strict constructionismv t e The Commerce Clause describes an enumerated power listed in the United States Constitution ( Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 ). The clause states that the United States Congress shall have power "To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes." Courts and commentators have tended to discuss each of these three areas of commerce as a separate power granted to Congress. [1] It is common to see the individual components of the Commerce Clause referred to under specific terms: the Foreign Commerce Clause, the Interstate Commerce Clause, [2] and the Indian Commerce Clause. Dispute exists within the courts as to the range of powers granted to Congress by the Commerce Clause. As noted below, it is often paired with the Necessary and Proper Clause, and the combination used to take a broad, expansive perspective of these powers. However, the effect of the Commerce Clause has varied significantly depending on the US Supreme Court 's interpretation. During the Marshall Court era, Commerce Clause interpretation empowered Congress to gain jurisdiction over numerous aspects of intrastate and interstate commerce as well as non-commerce. During the post-1937 era, the use of the Commerce Clause by Congress to authorize federal control of economic matters became effectively unlimited. Since the latter half of the Rehnquist Court era, congressional use of the Commerce Clause has become slightly restricted again, being limited only to matters of trade or any other form of restricted area (whether interstate or not) and production (whether commercial or not). The Commerce Clause is the source of federal drug prohibition laws under the Controlled Substances Act. In a recent medical marijuana case, Gonzales v. Raich, the Supreme Court rejected the argument that the ban on growing medical marijuana for personal use exceeded Congress' powers under the Commerce Clause. Even if no goods were sold or transported across state lines, the Court found that there could be an indirect effect on interstate commerce. The Court relied heavily on a New Deal case, Wickard v. Filburn, which held that the government may regulate personal cultivation and consumption of crops because the aggregate effect of individual consumption could have an indirect effect on interstate commerce. Contents [ hide ]1 Text and pairing1.1 Significance – federal rights in navigable waters1.2 Early years (1800s–1830s)1.3 Dormant Commerce Clause jurisprudence1.4 New Deal1.5 Civil rights1.6 The Rehnquist Court2 Themes2.1 Rational basis review2.2 Role of the political process2.3 Debate over applicability to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act3 See also4 References5 Further reading6 External links Text and pairing [ edit]Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: [3] [The Congress shall have Power] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;The significance of the Commerce Clause is described in the Supreme Court's opinion in Gonzales v. Raich, 545 U. S. 1 (2005): [4] [5]The Commerce Clause emerged as the Framers' response to the central problem giving rise to the Constitution itself: the absence of any federal commerce power under the Articles of Confederation. For the first century of our history, the primary use of the Clause was to p
ROUTING NUMBER - 071902878 - CENTIER BANK Routing Number 071902878 The banking institution's routing number Bank CENTIER BANKCommonly used abbreviated customer name Office Code O - Main Office Servicing FRB Number 071000301 Servicing Fed's main office routing number Record Type Code 1 The code indicating the ABA number to be used to route or send ACH items to the RFI0 = Institution is a Federal Reserve Bank1 = Send items to customer routing number2 = Send items to customer using new routing number field Address 600 E 84TH AVECity MERRILLVILLEState INDIANA (IN)Zipcode 46410-0000Telephone 888-236-8437Revised 26 February 2018 Date of last change to CRF information Institution Status Code 1 Code is based on the customers receiver code 1 = Receives Gov/Comm New Routing Number Not Applicable Bank institution's new routing number resulting from a merger or renumber Money Transfer Save on international fees by using Transferwise, which is 5x cheaper than SWIFT transfers. What is a Routing Number? A bank routing number or routing transit number (RTN, ABA) is a 9 digit number that identifies the location where your account was opened. You'll often be asked for your checking account routing number when you're making a payment online or by phone. It's also referred to as an RTN, a routing transit number or an ABA routing number and can be easily be found printed on the bottom of a check. They can also be found in the online banking portals of the financial institutions. Most common types of transaction are ACH and wire transfers. Some banks and financial institutions usually have multiple routing numbers serving different purposes, geographical regions and branches. What is the Automated Clearing House (ACH) number? The Automated Clearing House (ACH) is an electronic payment delivery system which allows you to make payments or collect funds electronically through the ACH network. ACH transactions are usually next-day entries when exchanged with other financial institutions. ACH functions include direct deposits and check conversions from paper to electronic. 
OJ Simpson granted parole, may be released from prison in 2017 USOJ Simpson granted parole, may be released from prison in 2017Patrick Howley Political Reporter4:36 PM 07/31/2013Football legend O. J. Simpson was granted parole Wednesday on five criminal counts and will likely be released from prison in 2017. The Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners granted Simpson parole on five counts of kidnapping, robbery, and burglary charges and all but assured that he will earn release in four years, after his remaining convictions have finished running consecutively. Simpson will be 70 years old at the time of his release. Simpson, a Heisman Trophy winner who appeared in the “Naked Guns” films, was acquitted in the 1994 stabbing murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her waiter friend Ron Goldman, but was later sentenced to up to 33 years in prison for attempting to steal some of his sports memorabilia back at gunpoint in a Las Vegas hotel room in 2007.“The inmate has participated in programs specific to addressing behavior that led to incarceration. The inmate has a positive institutional record,” said the chairwoman of the parole board. Though Simpson wrote a 2007 historical novel entitled “If I Did It” and granted an unaired television interview initially titled “O. J. Simpson: If I Did It, Here’s How It Happened,” in which he imagined what it would have been like to kill his ex-wife and Goldman, the American criminal justice system took more seriously his failed attempt to rob sports memorabilia collectors.“I’ll tell you what I feel about O. J. I don’t think if you steal your own shirts, you should get 35 consecutive life sentences,” said comedian Norm Mac Donald in 2011. Simpson, who fled from police in 1994 in a white Bronco with a handgun and a disguise after his ex-wife’s murders, will be able to resume his search for the true killers, who may be mafia-connected drug dealers with links to the former Brentwood restaurant Mezzaluna. Follow Patrick on Twitter Tags: O. J. Simpson Show comments 
United States presidential election of 1972 United States presidential election of 1972. United States presidential election of 1972, American presidential election, 1972Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.American presidential election held on Nov. 7, 1972, in which Republican Pres. Richard M. Nixon was elected to a second term, defeating Democrat George McGovern in one of the largest landslides in U.S. history.
How to have natural miscarriage (part 1) Health How to have natural miscarriage (part 1)- 7 Kinds Of Fruit That Pregnant Women Shouldn’t Eat- How to have natural miscarriage- Foods That Cause Miscarriage- Signs Proving You Have Boy Pregnancy One of the most incredible moments in any woman’s life is being pregnant. However, it is not always an easy journey as there are some women out there have miscarriage when they realize they are pregnant due to various reasons. It is extremely tough and hard for any pregnant women to learn that they are not going to be a mother and their unborn child won’t be able to make it. Besides, the pain and consequences associated with having miscarriage are unable to be endured for women, both physically and mentally. No woman expects a miscarriage in their pregnancy. However, if a miscarriage has begun, it needs to be treated as soon as possible. Miscarried women need to expel all the remaining pregnancy tissue to avoid any severe infections may cause. To speed up the process of passing the pregnancy tissue, women can choose medications or surgical procedures, but they need to discuss with their doctor or health care provider for the best and safe treatment option. One of the most common surgical treatments is a D&C or dilation and curettage. This is a minor operation which involves a gentle opening of the cervix with a small instrument called curette to clear the remaining of pregnancy tissue and empty the uterus. However, this procedure is quite uncomfortable and painful. This is why most miscarried women opt for natural remedies as desirable alternatives. Check out 6 ways to induce a natural miscarriage. Vitamin CIncreasing vitamin C intake is one of the most popular methods to complete a miscarriage successfully. You should consume enough quantities of vitamin C orally each hour, but up to 6,000mg a day, until menstruation occurs. Cinnamon Cinnamon is also helpful with natural miscarriage. With a safe dosage of cinnamon, it stimulates the uterus and can cause abortifacient. You should not cook cinnamon as this will remove the components in this spice which help complete the miscarriage. Cinnamon supplements would be better as they are strong enough to induce the miscarriage naturally. Cinnamon may also help stop bleeding and encourage healing because of its effect on blood platelets.- How to have natural miscarriage (part 2)Related- How to have natural miscarriage (part 2)Top search- 6 Ways To Have a Natural Miscarriage- Foods That Cause Miscarriage- Losing Weight In A Week With Honey- Can You Eat Crab Meat During Pregnancy?- Grape Is Pregnant Women’s Friend- 4 Kinds Of Fruit That Can Increase Risk Of Miscarriage- Some Drinks Pregnant Women Should Say No With- Signs Proving You Have Boy Pregnancy- Why Do Pregnant Women Have Stomachache When Eating?- Top Foods That Pregnant Women Should Be Careful Of- 6 Kinds Of Vegetable That Increase Risk Of Miscarriage Other- Get Service Best Treatment for Hammertoes- 9 Bad Habits That Can Cause Miscarriage (part 2)- Foods That Cause Miscarriage (part 4) - Processed meat, Raw, uncooked eggs, Cheese- Foods That Cause Miscarriage (part 3) - Unpasteurized milk, Green papaya, Aloe, Barley- Foods That Cause Miscarriage (part 2) - Pearl barley, Purslain, Medlar, Longan- 6 Ways To Have a Natural Miscarriage (part 2) - Dong Quai, Parsley, Homeopathy- 5 Drinks That Will Burn Your Calories This Summer (part 2)- 5 Drinks That Will Burn Your Calories This Summer (part 1)- 7 Fruits That Will Rejuvenate and Protect Your Skin (part 2)- 7 Fruits That Will Rejuvenate and Protect Your Skin (part 1) 
Weather in Las Vegas in September 2018 Weather in Las Vegas in September. The average maximum daytime temperature in Las Vegas in September is a very hot 35°C (95°F) with high heat & humidity. There are usually 11 hours of bright sunshine each day, which represents 90% of the 12 hours of daylight.
. Early Modern Homo sapiens A ll people today are classified as Homo sapiens . Our species of humans first began to evolve nearly 200 ,000 years ago in association with technologies not unlike those of the early Neandertals. It is now clear that early Homo sapiens, or modern humans, did not come after the Neandertals but were their contemporaries. However, it is likely that both modern humans and Neandertals descended from Homo heidelbergensis. Compared to the Neandertals and other late archaic humans, modern humans generally have more delicate skeletons. Their skulls are more rounded and their brow ridges generally protrude much less. They rarely have the occipital buns found on the back of Neandertal skulls. They also have relatively high foreheads, smaller faces, and pointed chins. Neandertal modern Homo sapiens The first fossils of early modern humans to be identified were found in 1868 at the 27 ,000 -23,000 year old Cro-Magnon rock shelter site near the village of Les Eyzies in southwestern France. They were subsequently named the Cro-Magnon people. The y were very similar in appearance to modern Europeans. Males were 5 feet 4 inches to 6 feet tall (1.6-1.8 m.) That was 4-12 inches (10-31 cm.) taller than Neandertals. Their skeletons and musculature generally were less massive than the Neandertals. The Cro-Magnon had broad, small faces with pointed chins and high foreheads. Their cranial capacities were up to 1590 cm 3 , which is relatively large even for people today. Origins of Modern Humans Current data suggest that modern humans evolved from archaic humans primarily in East Africa. A 195,000 year old fossil from the Omo 1 site in Ethiopia shows the beginnings of the skull changes that we associate with modern people, including a rounded skull case and possibly a projecting chin. A 160,000 year old skull from the Herto site in the Middle Awash area of Ethiopia also seems to be at the early stages of this transition. It had the rounded skull case but retained the large brow ridges of archaic humans. Somewhat more advanced transitional forms have been found at Laetoli in Tanzania dating to about 120,000 years ago. By 115,000 years ago, early modern humans had expanded their range to South Africa and into Southwest Asia (Israel) shortly after 100,000 years ago. There is no reliable evidence of modern humans elsewhere in the Old World until 60,000-40,000 years ago, during a short temperate period in the midst of the last ice age. Important Early Modern Homo sapiens Sites Date of Fossil ( y ears a go)East Africa: Herto, Middle Awash 160,000-154,000Omo 1 195,000Laetoli 120,000South Africa: Border Cave 115,000-90,000Klasies River Mouth 90,000Israel: Skhul and Qafzeh 92,000-90,000Australia: Lake Mungo 60,000-46,000Asia: Annamite M ountains (Laos) 63,000Ordos (Mongolia) 40,000-20,000? Liujiang (China) 139,000-111,000 ? Z hirendong (China) 100,000 ? Zhoukoudian upper cave (China) 27,000Europe: Peştera cu Oase (Romania) 36,000-34,000Combe Capelle (France) 35,000-30,000Mladeč and Předmostí (Czech Republic) 35,000-25,000Cro-Magnon (France) 27 ,000-23,000Note: Artifactual evidence indicates that modern humans were in Europe by at least 40,000 and possibly as early as 46,000 years ago. Dating of the earliest modern human fossils in Asia is less secure, but it is likely that they were present there by at least 60,000 years ago and possibly 100,000 years ago. It would seem from these dates that the location of initial modern Homo sapiens evolution and the direction of their dispersion from that area is obvious. That is not the case. Since the early 1980's, there have been two leading contradictory models that attempt to explain modern human evolution--the replacement model and the regional continuity model. The replacement model of Christopher Stringer and Peter Andrews proposes that modern humans evolved from archaic humans 200,000-1 5 0,000 years ago only in Africa and then some of them migrated into the rest of the Old World replacing all of the Neandertals and other late archaic humans beginning around 60,000-40,000 years ag
Oxygen Supplies and Oxygen Masks Oxygen Supplies and Oxygen Masks Sort By:1 2 3 4 5 Next Items 1-50 of 901O2 KEY-WRENCH FOR O2 CYLNDRSunset Healthcare Solutions Model No: KRRES032Stock Status: In Stock O2 KEY-WRENCH FOR O2 CYLNDROur Price:$1.42View Item Air Life Oxygen Tubing Crush-Resistant Lumen and U/Connect-It Connector 7'Care Fusion Model No: 55001350Stock Status: In Stock Air Life Oxygen Tubing Crush-Resistant Lumen and U/Connect-It Connector 7'Our Price:$1.44View Item Air Life Oxygen Tubing Standard 7'Care Fusion Model No: 55001330Stock Status: In Stock Air Life Oxygen Tubing Standard 7'Our Price:$1.47View Item Plastic O2 Cylinder Wrenches with Chain Model No: FHAG66080CStock Status: In Stock Plastic O2 Cylinder Wrenches with Chain Our Price:$1.49View Item Neotech Little Sucker Protective Cover Neotech Products Inc Model No: NGN215Stock Status: In Stock Neotech Little Sucker Protective Cover Our Price:$1.49View Item Argyle Yankauer Suction Tube Regular Capacity Bulbous Tip Tip Trol Vent Kendall Model No: 61505024Stock Status: Quantity Limited Argyle Yankauer Suction Tube Regular Capacity Bulbous Tip Tip Trol Vent Our Price:$1.50View Item Salter Soft Low-Flow Cannula with 7' Tube Model No: SA16SOFT750Stock Status: In Stock Salter Soft Low-Flow Cannula with 7' Tube Our Price:$1.53View Item Softech Adult Cannula without Tubing Teleflex Model No: 921821Stock Status: In Stock Softech Adult Cannula without Tubing Our Price:$1.58View Item Oxygen Tubing Adapter Teleflex Model No: 921423Stock Status: In Stock Oxygen Tubing Adapter Our Price:$1.76View Item Softech Adult Cannula with Star Lumen Tubing Teleflex Model No: 921822Stock Status: In Stock Softech Adult Cannula with Star Lumen Tubing Our Price:$1.78View Item15' Oxygen Supply Tube- Smooth Bore Salter Labs Model No: SA2515Stock Status: In Stock15' Oxygen Supply Tube- Smooth Bore Our Price:$1.81View Item Air Life Adult Cushion Over the Ear Nasal Cannula 7'Care Fusion Model No: 55002600EAStock Status: In Stock Air Life Adult Cushion Over the Ear Nasal Cannula 7'Our Price:$1.84View Item Relia Med Non-Sterile Adult Curved and Over-the-Ear Non-Flared Nasal Cannula with 4 ft. Clear Tube Unomedical, Inc. Model No: ZRNC103Stock Status: In Stock Relia Med Non-Sterile Adult Curved and Over-the-Ear Non-Flared Nasal Cannula with 4 ft. Clear Tube Our Price:$1.85View Item Nasal Cannula with 7 ft Star Lumen Tubing Teleflex Model No: 921110Stock Status: In Stock Nasal Cannula with 7 ft Star Lumen Tubing Our Price:$1.88View Item Air Life Oxygen Supply Tubing with Crush-Resistant Lumen 25'Care Fusion Model No: 55001305Stock Status: In Stock Air Life Oxygen Supply Tubing with Crush-Resistant Lumen 25'Our Price:$1.88View Item Adult Cushion Over the Ear Nasal Cannula 4'Care Fusion Model No: 550026004EAStock Status: In Stock Adult Cushion Over the Ear Nasal Cannula 4'Our Price:$1.88View Item Tubing Reducer 5-in-One Model No: FHSH72Stock Status: In Stock Tubing Reducer 5-in-One Our Price:$1.90View Item Air Life Oxygen Tubing Crush-Resistant Lumen 14'Care Fusion Model No: 55001303Stock Status: In Stock Air Life Oxygen Tubing Crush-Resistant Lumen 14'Our Price:$1.92View Item Fiberglass Cylinder Wrench Salter Labs Model No: SA1249CStock Status: In Stock Fiberglass Cylinder Wrench Our Price:$1.92View Item Oxygen Y Connector Model No: FHSH749Stock Status: In Stock Oxygen Y Connector Our Price:$2.02View Item Adult Original TLCannula with Foam Cushions Salter Labs Model No: SA1606TLC025EAStock Status: In Stock Adult Original TLCannula with Foam Cushions Our Price:$2.05View Item Air Life Oxygen Supply Tubing with Crush-Resistant Lumen 21 ft.- Green Care Fusion Model No: 55001304GRNStock Status: In Stock Air Life Oxygen Supply Tubing with Crush-Resistant Lumen 21 ft.- Green Our Price:$2.10View Item Adult Softy Cannula Allied Health Care Products Model No: BF33801Stock Status: In Stock Adult Softy Cannula Our Price:$2.10View Item Argyle Yankauer Regular Capacity Suction Tube Kendall Model No: 61501007Stock Status: In Stock Argyle Yankauer Regular Capacity Suction Tube Our Price:$2.38View Item Air Lif
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
What is a patriot? What is a loyalist? Arts & Humanities History What is a patriot? What is a loyalist?1 following 6 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: A loyalist will always be true to their government, but a patriot will always be true to their country. Mountain_Warrior · 1 decade ago2 0 Comment A patriot is someone who is loyal to the country,s cause and need and on the other hand a loyalist is someone that dosent care about the country but is more inclined on the leaders views and ideas. Anonymous · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment A patriot is a member of your country who is loyal to your country, and a loyalist is a member of another country who is loyal to that other country. (This was not a serious answer, I'm not 100% sure)TYF · 1 decade ago0 0 Commenta patriot is like a freedom fighter or rebel.they were also called sons of liberty.a loyalist is exactly the opposite , they are loyal to the leader,king,or bosstillytam · 1 decade ago1 0 Comment Patriot generally refers to someone adamant for their country, while loyalist generally refers to someone adamant towards a person or bloodline.miknave · 1 decade ago0 0 Commenta patriot was someone who sided with the americans during the revolutionary war and a loyalist was sised with the british.bckeys44 · 1 decade ago0 0 Comment Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Need debt consolidation loans? Want to build a free website? Want to buy a domain name? Try online nursing courses? 
New Therapy Shows Promise for Personality Disorders The results also suggest schema therapy is more cost-effective, achieving these results in a total of 50 sessions, and that it can be readily implemented in regular clinical settings. Traditionally, schema therapy has been used for the treatment of borderline personality disorder. Three major outcome studies have shown that use of this technique on patients with Borderline Personality Disorder can aid full recovery across the complete range of symptoms.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb Nassim Nicholas Taleb Nassim Nicholas Taleb (; , alternatively "Nessim "or" Nissim"; born 1960) is a Lebanese–American essayist, scholar, statistician, and former trader and risk analyst, whose work focuses on problems of randomness, probability, and uncertainty. His 2007 book "The Black Swan" has been described by "The Sunday Times" as one of the twelve most influential books since World War II. Taleb is an author and has been a professor at several universities, serving as a Distinguished Professor of Risk Engineering at the New York University Tandon School of Engineering since September 2008. He has been co-editor-in-chief of the academic
A lot of the plastic is from fishing nets/equipment. It's used in the ocean so when it's discarded or lost it obviously ends up in the ocean.
Archipelago Archipelago Click on the thumbnail to view the Archipelago Landform pictures in full size. An archipelago has 1 main characteristic A group of many islands Islands surrounded by water Examples of Archipelago: Islands around Japan Hawaiian Islands Philippine Islands What is an Archipelago Landform? An Archipelago is a landform that is a group of many islands. Some of the most famous archipelagos of the world are many of the islands around Japan, Hawaii and the British Islands. Most people think this type of landform is what you see on movies but that is not necessarily so. Canada has many archipelagos that are barren because of the cold. They are not known for being as lush as the islands you may think of. Also, the groups of islands can be from a few to thousands such as the Florida Keys. How are Archipelagos formed? They are formed a few ways. One of the most common ways an archipelago is formed is through volcanic activity. As volcanoes erupt under water, they start to form land above the water which is what we call an island. As the volcanoes shift or a group of volcanoes erupt over years, they start to form a group of islands that we can call an archipelago. Another way an archipelago is formed is through the evaporation or movement of water. The higher part of land that was under water is now above water. This can happen in groups which makes the groups of islands. Erosion can also create the group of islands that we call archipelagos. This can be rare but does occur. Take for example places that have high and low tides of water (usually in oceans). The raising and lowering of water can deposit and take away land, which can create islands. Related landforms: islands and barrier islands The Definition of an Archipelago?a large group or chain of islandsany large body of water with many islands. By David Olmstead 
"During the day, market and limit orders are submitted at any time by market participants and there is a bid and an ask that move around over time.  Trades occur whenever a market order is submitted or a limit order is submitted that at a price that matches or exceeds an existing limit order.  If you submit a market order, it may consume all best-price limit orders and you can get multiple prices, changing the bid or ask at the same time.  All that stuff happens during the trading day only. What happens at the end of the day is different.  A bunch of orders that were submitted during the day but marked as ""on close"" are aggregated with any outstanding limit orders to create a single closing price according to the algorithm established by the exchange.  Each exchange may handle the details of this closing event differently.  For example, the Nasdaq's closing cross or the NYSE's closing auction. The close is the most liquid time of the day, so investors who are trading large amounts and not interested in intraday swings will often submit a market-on-close or limit-on-close order.  This minimizes their chance of affecting the price or crossing a big spread.  It's actually most relevant for smaller stocks, which may have too little volume during the day to make big trades, but have plenty at the close.  In short, the volume you see is due to these on-close orders. The spike in volume most likely has no special information about what will happen overnight or the next day.  It's probably just a normal part of the market for illiquid stocks."
- New Jersey would become the first state in the nation to require mandatory HIV testing for pregnant women AND newborns if a bill presented last week becomes law: The bill would require that pregnant women be tested for HIV as early as possible in their pregnancy and again during their third trimester.ew Jersey would become the first state in the nation to require mandatory HIV testing for pregnant women AND newborns if a bill presented last week becomes law: The bill would require that pregnant women be tested for HIV as early as possible in their pregnancy and again during their third trimester.
- Contact Us. McCormick Place • 2301 S. Lake Shore Drive • Chicago, Illinois 60616. Phone:312-791-7000 • Fax:312-791-6543. General Information-Contact us at mcpgenlinfo@mccormickplace.com. Utility services (i.e. telephone and Internet) - Contact us at technology@mccormickplace.com or via phone at 312-791-6113. Exhibitor Billing/Invoice Inquiries-Contact us at technology@mccormickplace.com or via phone at 312-791-6113.
Will This Job Fit Me? The median wage in 2015 for Medical Assistants in California is $34,089 annually, or $16.39 hourly. The median is the point at which half of the workers earn more and half earn less.Benefits normally include paid vacation, holiday, and sick leave.he median wage in 2015 for Medical Assistants in California is $34,089 annually, or $16.39 hourly. The median is the point at which half of the workers earn more and half earn less. Benefits normally include paid vacation, holiday, and sick leave.
People here are talking about things being oxidized by other molecules besides oxygen. There are also materials called [monopropellants](_URL_0_), which contain their own oxygen (or other reactive agent). For example, solid rocket engines and gunpowder are monopropellants.  Hydrazine (N2H4) is a commonly used monopropellant, which will react on its own to produce N2, H2, and NH3 while releasing heat to sustain its "burning" reaction.
North Carolina is also home to many well-known private colleges and universities, including Duke University, Wake Forest University, Pfeiffer University, Lees-McRae College, Davidson College, Barton College, North Carolina Wesleyan College, Elon University, Guilford College, Livingstone College, Salem College, Shaw University (the first historically black college or university in the South), Laurel University, Meredith College, Methodist University, Belmont Abbey College (the only Catholic college in the Carolinas), Campbell University, University of Mount Olive, Montreat College, High Point University, Lenoir-Rhyne University (the only Lutheran university in North Carolina) and Wingate University.
- The text above is a follow-up to ... -----Question-----. after taking a 80mg dose of methodone how long does it take for the effects to reach there peak or there maximum effect. -----Answer-----. Dear Charles, It takes about 4 hours for methadone to reach its peak concentration following oral administration. Some relief of pain occurs after 30 to 60 minutes and the duration of action is initially 6 to 8 hours.
Quick question about "reddit is fun" app. Why isn't it just called "Reddit"? Its pretty much the official app, is there some sort of issue changing the name?
Pascal Boyer argues that while there is a wide array of supernatural concepts found around the world, in general, supernatural beings tend to behave much like people. The construction of gods and spirits like persons is one of the best known traits of religion. He cites examples from Greek mythology, which is, in his opinion, more like a modern soap opera than other religious systems. Bertrand du Castel and Timothy Jurgensen demonstrate through formalization that Boyer's explanatory model matches physics' epistemology in positing not directly observable entities as intermediaries. Anthropologist Stewart Guthrie contends that people project human features onto non-human aspects of the world because it makes those aspects more familiar. Sigmund Freud also suggested that god concepts are projections of one's father.
By 500 BC, the Persian Empire controlled the Greek city states in Asia Minor and had made territorial gains in the Balkans and Eastern Europe proper as well. Attempts by some of the Greek city-states of Asia Minor to overthrow Persian rule failed, and Persia invaded the states of mainland Greece in 492 BC, but was forced to withdraw after a defeat at the Battle of Marathon in 490 BC. A second invasion by the Persians followed in 480 BC. Despite a heroic resistance at Thermopylae by Spartans and other Greeks led by King Leonidas, and a simultaneous naval engagement at Artemisium,[page needed] Persian forces occupied Athens, which had been evacuated in time, as well as briefly overrunning half of Greece. Following decisive Greek victories in 480 and 479 BC at Salamis, Plataea, and Mycale, the Persians were forced to withdraw for a second time, marking their eventual withdrawal from all of their European territories. Led by Athens and Sparta, the Greek victories in the Greco-Persian Wars are considered a pivotal moment in world history, as the 50 years of peace that followed are known as Golden Age of Athens, the seminal period of ancient Greece that laid many of the foundations of Western civilization.
Overview Print Overview Pap test A Pap smear, also called a Pap test, is a procedure to test for cervical cancer in women. A Pap smear involves collecting cells from your cervix — the lower, narrow end of your uterus that's at the top of your vagina. Detecting cervical cancer early with a Pap smear gives you a greater chance at a cure. A Pap smear can also detect changes in your cervical cells that suggest cancer may develop in the future. Detecting these abnormal cells early with a Pap smear is your first step in halting the possible development of cervical cancer. Why it's done A Pap smear is used to screen for cervical cancer. The Pap smear is usually done in conjunction with a pelvic exam. In women older than age 30, the Pap test may be combined with a test for human papillomavirus (HPV) — a common sexually transmitted infection that can cause cervical cancer in some women. Who should have a Pap smear? You and your doctor can decide when it's time for you to begin Pap testing and how often you should have the test. In general, doctors recommend beginning Pap testing at age 21. How often should Pap smear be repeated? Doctors generally recommend repeating Pap testing every 3 years for women ages 21-65. Women age 30 and older can consider Pap testing every 5 years if the procedure is combined with testing for HPV. If you have certain risk factors, your doctor may recommend more-frequent Pap smears, regardless of your age. These risk factors include: A diagnosis of cervical cancer or a Pap smear that showed precancerous cells Exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES) before birth HIV infection Weakened immune system due to organ transplant, chemotherapy or chronic corticosteroid use You and your doctor can discuss the benefits and risks of Pap smears and decide what's best for you based on your risk factors. Who can consider stopping Pap smears? In certain situations a woman and her doctor may decide to end Pap testing, such as: After a total hysterectomy. After a total hysterectomy — surgical removal of the uterus including the cervix — ask your doctor if you need to continue having Pap smears. If your hysterectomy was performed for a noncancerous condition, such as uterine fibroids, you may be able to discontinue routine Pap smears. But if your hysterectomy was for a precancerous or cancerous condition of the cervix, your doctor may recommend continuing routine Pap testing. Older age. Doctors generally agree that women can consider stopping routine Pap testing at age 65 if their previous tests for cervical cancer have been negative. Discuss your options with your doctor and together you can decide what's best for you based on your risk factors. If you're sexually active with multiple partners, your doctor may recommend continuing Pap testing. Request an Appointment at Mayo Clinic Risks A Pap smear is a safe way to screen for cervical cancer. However, a Pap smear isn't foolproof. It's possible to receive false-negative results — meaning that the test indicates no abnormality, even though you do have abnormal cells. A false-negative result doesn't mean that a mistake was made. Factors that can cause a false-negative result include: An inadequate collection of cells A small number of abnormal cells Blood or inflammatory cells obscuring the abnormal cells Although it's possible for abnormal cells to go undetected, time is on your side. Cervical cancer takes several years to develop. And if one test doesn't detect the abnormal cells, the next test most likely will. How you prepare To ensure that your Pap smear is most effective, follow these tips prior to your test: Avoid intercourse, douching, or using any vaginal medicines or spermicidal foams, creams or jellies for two days before having a Pap smear, as these may wash away or obscure abnormal cells. Try not to schedule a Pap smear during your menstrual period. Although the test can be done, it's best to avoid this time of your cycle, if possible. What you can expect Female reproductive system Cervical cells During the Pap smear A Pap smear is performed in your doctor's office
Valentine's Day Valentine's Day Valentine's Day, also called Saint Valentine's Day or the Feast of Saint Valentine, is celebrated annually on February 14. Originating as a Western Christian feast day honoring one or two early saints named Valentinus, Valentine's Day is recognized as a significant cultural, religious, and commercial celebration of romance and romantic love in many regions around the world, although it is not a public holiday in any country. Martyrdom stories associated with various Valentines connected to February 14 are presented in martyrologies, including a written account of Saint Valentine of Rome imprisonment for performing weddings for soldiers, who were
Testing in school is usually done for purposes of assessment, to assign students grades (from tests in classrooms) or rank them in terms of abilities (in standardized tests). Yet tests can serve other purposes in educational settings that greatly improve performance; this chapter reviews 10 other benefits of testing. Retrieval practice occurring during tests can greatly enhance retention of the retrieved information (relative to no testing or even to restudying). Furthermore, besides its durability, such repeated retrieval produces knowledge that can be retrieved flexibly and transferred to other situations. On open-ended assessments (such as essay tests), retrieval practice required by tests can help students organize information and form a coherent knowledge base. Retrieval of some information on a test can also lead to easier retrieval of related information, at least on PsychologyofLearningandMotivation, Volume 55 # 2011 Elsevier Inc. ISSN 0079-7421, DOI 10.1016/B978-0-12-387691-1.00001-6 All rights reserved.
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
Asset Finance Asset Finance Asset finance is a loan that is used to obtain equipment. Whenever organisations invest in tangible assets – anything from office equipment to manufacturing plants, from cars to a fleet of aircraft – they usually need an affordable, secure means of finance. That’s what the Asset Finance sector is all about. In fact, Asset Finance is the third most common source of finance for businesses, after bank overdrafts and loans, and it is also of growing importance in the public sector. Asset finance is a flexible alternative to a traditional bank loan, providing significant cash flow and tax benefits for businesses looking to purchase a new piece of equipment, a vehicle or other fixed assets. Asset finance accounts for the majority of debt-financed business investment. Around one in three small businesses that have any external borrowing use asset finance. Amongst these, the use of asset finance is particularly high in Wales (54%), the North East (46%) and the North West (42%) with agricultural and manufacturing making the most of leased equipment. Asset finance is: A valuable alternative to conventional bank loans. Secured wholly or largely on the asset being financed, reducing the requirement for additional collateral. Secure for the user, as the finance cannot be recalled during the life of the agreement. Sustainable because businesses have the option to replace or update equipment at the end of the lease period. Widely available through a network of around 5,000 equipment dealers and 400 brokers, as well as direct from finance companies. 
Ear mite The ear mite is the most common cause of ear infections in cats, quickly spreading from one cat to another through direct contact. Ear mites cause inflammatory symptoms, similar to bacterial and yeast infections. Symptoms include itching and redness of the ears.
- Individual Cost. Individuals who purchase a disability income policy can expect to pay about 1 percent to 3 percent of their annual salary. This means that an individual with an annual salary of $50,000 can expect to pay between $500 and $1,500 per year.ave. Disability insurance can be purchased as an individual policy, or provided by an employer as part of a group insurance plan. Costs can vary depending on many factors, including the elimination period, benefit period, the age of an individual, his occupational class and the benefit amount.
Slide JPanel Content in a JForm on Java
- The total driving time is 56 hours, 33 minutes. Your trip begins in Vancouver, Canada. It ends in Nova Scotia, Canada. If you're planning a road trip, you might be interested in seeing the total driving distance from Vancouver, Canada to Nova Scotia. You can also calculate the cost to drive from Vancouver, Canada to Nova Scotia based on current local gas prices and an estimate of your car's best gas mileage.
Indemnity Insurance Indemnity Insurance. An indemnity insurance policy is a type of health insurance plan. A medical indemnity insurance plan is also known as a reimbursement plan because the insurance reimburses the covered individual regardless of where or with whom the covered individual receives health care services from. The insurance company then pays a set portion of your total charges.
How Much Do Journalists Make? How Much Do Journalists Make?0By Noel Griffith Last Updated on February 23, 2018 Business/ Finance/Marketing, Salaries Table of Contents Journalist Salary Top 5 Paying States Top Paying Industries Journalist Job Description Journalists Job Outlook Journalist Salary by State Top paying metropolitan areas Top paying nonmetropolitan areas Journalist Career Video There are many types of journalists – defined by the specific task that they do. There are news reporters, feature writers, investigative journalists, editors, and photojournalists. They may either work in a team of staff of a local, national, or international news organization, or work freelance and write or report on a per project basis. Journalist Salary How much do journalists make? The annual average journalist salary reported is $36,000, which is equivalent to $17.31 per hour of work. This means that journalists in the United States more or less earn this amount of income. The estimated number of working journalists is 57,600. The lowest 10% earners have an average income of $21,090 or lower, and the upper 10% earns $81,940 or more. The journalists’ job is very fast paced, with many of them working nights, weekends, and even holidays. Given the nature of the profession, most journalists have tight deadlines and are often running after news stories to produce the latest breaking news. Some journalists work freelance, which means their schedules are very flexible. Most feature writers are freelancers while news reporters work full time. Writers who work freelance may or may not provide their own fees while full-time writers have a fixed salary. A journalist starting salary depends on the type of work he/she does, the organization he/she is working for, his/her educational attainment, experience, and level of skill. Top 5 Paying States Flag State Employment per 1000 Jobs Hourly mean wage Annual mean wage New York 3.29 $30.50 $63,450Rhode Island 0.42 $27.61 $57,430Georgia 0.29 $26.46 $55,030Massachusetts 0.32 $26.00 $54,080Louisiana 0.27 $25.89 $53,860Top Paying Industries Industry Percent of industry employment Hourly mean wage Annual mean wage Professional, Political, and Similar Organizations 0.01 $36.64 $76,210Social Advocacy Organizations 0.07 $35.91 $74,680Independent Artists, Writers, and Performers 0.14 $32.04 $66,640Cable and Other Subscription Programming 0.51 $30.66 $63,780Other Information Services 1.83 $30.42 $63,270Journalist Job Description What do a journalists do? Basically, a journalist gathers information through a number of means such as observation, interview, and background research, and presents this information to readers or audiences through different forms of mass media. Because just about anyone can present information through a media platform such as social media, professional journalists are defined as having employment that presents information as news and stories to readers and audiences of newspapers, magazines, TV, radio, and news organizations on the internet. Among the duties of a journalist include researching stories through observation, interview, and background research; writing news and stories that are timely; shoot photographs and videos; editing stories to improve the work of others, correcting grammar errors, writing headlines, and making sure stories pertain to the publication or organization’s tone and style; checking facts, planning issues, and laying out pages. Among the different types of journalists include: Reporters – These journalists gather information and present them in writing or spoken form in news stories. Reporters can include feature writers who write long stories about a particular topic. News reporters present information in a timely manner to present the latest happenings in a locality, in a national, or international level. Feature writers’ stories do not need to be timely and can focus on a special niche such as reporting about lifestyle, personalities, and fashion. Photojournalists – These journalists take photos with a reporter, take photos to support a story, or go t
Karigaila Karigaila (Polish: "Korygiełło" , died on 16 September 1390 in Vilnius) was a son of Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and his second wife Uliana of Tver. He became the ruler of Mstsislaw after he captured it from the Principality of Smolensk. He is sometimes mistaken for his brother Constantine, who was the founder of the House of Czartoryski.
Evoke Evoke Last Used: [ []]Introduced: [ []]Category for Evoke Evoke is a keyword ability . Details It is an ability that lets you play a creature for a different cost, and then sacrifice it. Creatures with evoke have either a come into play ability or a leaves play ability. This ability was a staple in the Lorwyn block . Comprehensive Rules502.74. Evoke502.74a Evoke represents two abilities: a static ability that functions in any zone from which the card can be played and a triggered ability that functions in play. “Evoke [cost]” means “You may play this card by paying [cost] rather than paying its mana cost ” and “When this permanent comes into play, if its evoke cost was paid, its controller sacrifices it.” Paying a card’s evoke cost follows the rules for paying alternative costs in rules 409.1b and 409.1f–h. Categories: Keyword Abilities Evoke 
Bolivarian countries Bolivarian countries The Bolivarian countries are six Hispanic American countries (Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, Peru and Venezuela) whose republican origin is attributed to the ideals of Simón Bolívar and independence war led by the Venezuelan military in the viceroyalties of New Granada and Peru. Although Bolivar had nothing to do with Independence of Panama from Spain, let alone the emergence of Panama as an autonomous and independent republic (1903), this country is considered Bolivarian as it proclaimed its independence in 1821. Panamanian patriots voluntarily joined the old provinces of Veraguas and Panama into Gran Colombia and once it dissolved in
Christian III (disambiguation) Christian III generally refers to Christian III of Denmark. It may also refer to:
'Landmark Study'? 'Landmark Study'? Forums Vocabulary & Idioms1 8,918+ 0What is the meaning of 'landmark' in the phrase 'landmark study'?10th November 2010AH020387+ 2 Hi, What is the meaning of 'landmark' in the phrase 'landmark study'? Literally, a landmark is a very noticable physical feature of the terrain. A landmark study is a important study, eg a report, that will be noticed and looked at by everyone else working in that particular field of endeavour. Clive10th November 2010Clive Comments Thanks11th November 2010AH020387Answer this Question 
The principal gods of the ancient Greek religion were the Dodekatheon, or the Twelve Gods, who lived on the top of Mount Olympus. The most important of all ancient Greek gods was Zeus, the king of the gods, who was married to Hera, who was also Zeus's sister. The other Greek gods that made up the Twelve Olympians were Demeter, Ares, Poseidon, Athena, Dionysus, Apollo, Artemis, Aphrodite, Hephaestus and Hermes. Apart from these twelve gods, Greeks also had a variety of other mystical beliefs, such as nymphs and other magical creatures.
Bolus, Gravity, and Intermittent Feeds A bolus is a tube feed that is given like a meal. Typically, a larger amount is given in a short period of time, usually less than 30 minutes. There is often a break of several hours between feeds. Often, a child receives bolus feeds during the day and a continuous feeding at night. Sometimes infants will receive bolus feedings around the clock since this is a normal feeding pattern for newborns. There are multiple ways to administer bolus feeds: Syringe Push: A 60ml syringe with the plunger in place is used to push the food into the stomach using the plunger of the syringe. Open Syringe: More common is the open syringe method. An open syringe with the plunger removed is filled with formula that flows into the stomach by gravity. When doing a bolus feed via gravity, the higher you hold the syringe above the child, the faster it will flow. To slow the rate of flow, lower the syringe so it is closer to the child’s stomach. If you hold the syringe below the level of the stomach, or if your child arches or coughs, formula may back up into the syringe. Simply raise the syringe to reverse the flow. Gravity Bags: Bolus feedings can also be given using a gravity bag that hangs above the child. Gravity bags have roller clamps on the tubing that can be moved up or down to control the rate of flow. Fifteen drips into the chamber above the roller clamp equals 1ml of formula. Feeding Pump: Some parents give bolus feedings using a feeding pump at a faster rate over a shorter period of time than continuous feeding. These can be scheduled to run automatically using the interval setting on the feeding pump, or you can turn the pump off between feedings. Programming the Pump It can be really easy to use a pump for intermittent feeds. There are two basic ways to do it. The first involves programming just the dose (amount) to be delivered and the rate you want it delivered it. When the feed is done, the pump will beep and can be shut off. If your child gets more frequent intermittent feedings, you might want to use the Intermittent or Interval Mode, which is available on most pumps. In this case, you set the dose and the rate, but you also select the interval you want the feeds to be given. For example, if you want to give a feeding every 2 hours, you would set the interval to 2 hours. See this tutorial on how to do set the Interval setting using the Infinity pump. The two most common pumps have interactive tutorials to let you practice how to program the pump. See the Virtual Infinity Pump or the Kangaroo Interactive Tutorial for more assistance. 
- Quarry tiles get their color from the choice of natural raw materials put into the mix to create the tile. Quarry tiles with a base of shale generally have a red or brown color. Tiles with a base of clay generally have a gray or beige color. Some quarry tile is produced with a shade variation from tile to tile. This classic architectural look (sometimes known as flashing) is achieved through controlling the flow of oxygen and gases in the kiln.
How Much Does a Dental Bridge Cost? 1 On average, the cost of dental bridge can be anywhere from $400 to $2,000 per tooth without insurance. 2  This price is all going to depend on the location, the cost of the lab, type of materials used, as well as the condition of the teeth.3  Keep in mind that the average bridge is going to require more than one tooth. According to the website AboutCosmeticDentistry.com, the average cost of a dental bridge could cost anywhere from $250 to as much as $550 for each attaching wing.
How can I use browser userscripts on my Android phone? I am a passionate Stack Exchange user and I have a lot of userscripts in my desktop Chrome browser, installed with Tampermonkey. I want to use them on my Android phone, is it possible?
- Comments52 Share. Cobalt is a tool material in Tinkers' Construct. It can be found naturally in the forms of Cobalt Ore and Cobalt Gravel Ore. The ore itself can be found in the Nether, much like Ardite. It can be made into blocks, ingots, and nuggets like most other metals, and can be melted down in the Smeltery.
Does Skin Cancer Itch â Symptoms, Types, Causes and Treatments Yet, there is also one type of skin cancer which is a cancer of blood that really causes itchiness. It is the cutaneous T-cell lymphoma which is a growth of white blood cell in the skin. That explains why does skin cancer itch.
Recruitment Edge Recruitment Edge Home Posts Reviews Photos About Twitter Community Instagram feed Create a Page Like Recommend Contact Us Message See more of Recruitment Edge on Facebook Log Inor Create New Account Recruiter in Mascot, New South Wales4.3· Closed Now Community See All230 people like this220 people follow this About See All738 Botany Road Mascot, New South Wales 2020+61 2 9317 2333www.recruitmentedge.com.au Recruiter Opens Monday Closed Now People230 likes13 visits People Also Like Ryan Recruitment Ltd Recruiter Westmead Medical Research Foundation Nonprofit Organization Institute of Recruitment Professionals (IRP)Nonprofit Organization Pages liked by this Page Toyota Australia Birch & Waite Sydney Airport Places Mascot, New South Wales Business Service Employment Agency Recruiter Recruitment Edge English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) ·Français (France) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices ·Cookies · More Facebook © 2017Posts Recruitment Edge12 hrs ·In between # jobs & looking for # temp # work? Various opportunities on our website- Apply now # hiring # Recruitment Edgehttp://ow.ly/v HXp30gds Ck Various Temporary Positions | Office/Admin | Short or Long Term - Recruitment Edge Currently in between roles? Looking for varied and flexible work? In Sydney on a Working Holiday Visa? Then we may just have the role for you!recruitmentedge.com.au Like Comment Share Recruitment Edge19 hrs ·FRI-YAY, SAT-YAY, SUN-YAY! Happy # weekend to our # temps. Remember to send in your # timesheet TODAY # Recruitment Edge# The Right Person For The Job Like Comment See All Reviews4.3 9 Reviews Tell people what you think See All Photos See All Posts Recruitment Edge November 1 at 9:00pm ·# HIRING Accounts Payable Clerk - High Volume - Large Organisation # jobs# Recruitment Edge # The Right Person For The Job http://ow.ly/545030gdssc Accounts Payable Clerk | Large Organisation - Recruitment Edge You won't be disappointed when you join Australia's leading provider of critical services around a number of our major gateways!recruitmentedge.com.au Like Comment Share Recruitment Edge November 1 at 3:30pm ·Are you an effective # communicator? 6 tips to sharpen # communication# skills. # Right Person For The Job # Recruitment Edgehttp://ow.ly/ug RX30gdr IZLike Comment Recruitment Edge October 31 at 9:00pm ·Meet our Top # Candidates - Looking for # perm & # temp # work. # hiring# jobs # Recruitment Edge # The Right Person For The Jobhttp://ow.ly/h7d C30gdsg BTop Candidates - Recruitment Edge Nemanja is a hands on warehouse supervisor looking for his next permanent role. In his last role he made his way from Warehouse Assistant to...recruitmentedge.com.au Like Comment Share Recruitment Edge October 31 at 4:00pm ·Improve first # impressions using 4 emotionally intelligent tactics # The Right Person For The Job # hiring # Recruitment Edgehttp://ow.ly/CZER30gdr89Like Comment Recruitment Edge October 30 at 8:30pm ·# HIRING Data Entry / Accounts Receivable -Immediate Start - 2month temp # jobs # Recruitment Edge # Right Person For The Job http://ow.ly/mh Kt30gds3t Data Entry/Accounts Receivable | Temp Role | Immediate Start - Recruitment Edgerecruitmentedge.com.au Like Comment Share Recruitment Edge October 30 at 4:00pm ·November is White Ribbon month and we are delighted to announce that our major # business # fundraising breakfast of 2017 will be in support of the Bayside Women's Shelter. http://ow.ly/kn7w30gdq2z # Recruitment Edge# White Ribbon Event Details - Business Fundraising Event - Bayside Women's Shelter - Recruitment Edge November is White Ribbon month and Recruitment Edge is delighted to announce that our major business fundraising breakfast of 2017 will be in...recruitmentedge.com.au Like Comment Share Bayside Women's Shelter and Christina Curry like this. Recruitment Edge October 26 at 10:00pm ·Looking for # perm or # temp # work? Various # opportunities on our website - Apply NOW! # Recruitment Edge # hiring # jobs http://ow.ly/DVBn30g3CBZLatest Jobs - Recruitment Edgerecruitmentedge.com.au Like Comment Sha
Frank Lampard Frank James Lampard {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 20 June 1978) is an English former professional footballer and children's writer. He is the all-time leading goalscorer for Chelsea, where he played for 13 years, and is considered by a number of journalists and football experts to be one of the greatest midfielders of his generation, in addition to being regarded as Chelsea's greatest ever player by some Chelsea players, such as previous record goal-scorer Bobby Tambling and long-term teammate John Terry.
I'm Here To Show You What Good Rap Music Is. I will start off with some Del the Funky Homosapien to ease you right in. 

Note: most of the music i'm gonna post is old school.
The World's Wildest Water Slides: Pictures By Meredith Kennedy Jul 12, 2010As summer temperatures rise, the best piece of equipment to beat the heat is your air conditioner. That is, unless you make your way to an even more noteworthy piece of cool-inducing engineering: the water slide. The primary purpose of a water slide is to keep up the gs—with twists, turns and drops—while delaying the inevitable pull of gravity to the bottom. Building a slide that does this—safely, at least—is no easy task. This summer, head on over to one of these 10 water slides and revel in one of humankind's most entertaining inventions. View Gallery10 Photos1 of 10Scorpion's Tail Noah's Ark Family Park, Wisconsin Dells, Wis. Background: The Scorpion's Tail, designed by White Water West of Canada, opened this Memorial Day and is the first capsule slide in America. It's 10 stories high and 400 feet long, with a near-vertical drop that takes riders plummeting at a rate of 50 feet per second. Why It Stands Above the Rest: Instead of sitting down and pushing off down a steep slide, riders stand in a capsule for 3 seconds until the floor drops out beneath their feet. "You literally have no control," says Joe Heflin, senior vice president for News and Park Sales at White Water West. "It's like falling down an elevator shaft." The only thing to break the free-fall is the loop after the drop, which slows down the gravitational force of 2.6 g's. The control system for the ride, according to Heflin, is unique to water slides because it requires pumping water faster than gravity in order to lubricate the flume as the bodies slide down. In order to make a smooth (but no less-frightening) ride, water nozzles spraying mist are located every 3 to 4 feet from the top of the slide. The capsule was also engineered using translucent fiberglass, providing optimal viewing of the thrill ride from the ground level.2 of 10The Wedgie White Water World, Dreamworld, Coomera, Australia Background: The name says it all—the Wedgie on the Gold Coast in Australia has been setting swimsuits awry since March 2010. This slide, designed by Pro Slide, has riders climb 58 feet in the air before the near-vertical free-fall drop through the narrow 32-inch enclosed tunnel. Why It Stands Above the Rest: The Wedgie combines the unique free-fall sensation of the Scorpion's Tail with the intense speed of the Summit Plummet. During the initial free-fall into the ride, riders are instantly accelerated to top speeds of 38 feet per second. Powerful g-forces glue riders to the side of the wall the entire way around the tight 360-degree loop before the deceleration. Though the ride only lasts about 6 seconds, riders drop a total of 60 feet, making the slide no small engineering feat.3 of 10Summit Plummet Walt Disney World's Blizzard Beach, Orlando, Fla. Background: Summit Plummet is a high-speed water slide with an alarming 12-story drop. It is both the world's tallest and fastest free-fall body slide. Why It Stands Above the Rest: After the initial shock-drop, the 360-foot-long Summit Plummet flume accelerates riders to an average speed of 50 to 60 mph. Just like coming to an unexpected stop at a red light, making the transition from a near-vertical drop to a horizontal finish can be startling—and difficult to engineer, according to Pro Slide Technology's founder and president, Rick Hunter. In order to ensure safety without sacrificing speed, engineers need to calculate the right radius curves for a smooth landing.4 of 10The Triple Twist Great Wolf Lodge, Mason, Ohio, and Kansas City, Kan. Background: The Triple Twist opened at Great Wolf Lodge at King's Island in Mason, Ohio, and in Kansas City, Kan., this March. The five-story ride is Pro Slide's first Topsy Turvy design and is like the half-pipe of water slides. Why It Stands Above the Rest: The pair of triple-twist slides is the first of triple funnels in the world. It starts with riders sliding through back-to-back radius curves and high banking turns before an unexpected drop into a funnel where they oscillate back-and-forth and then ret
Hayden (musician) Paul Hayden Desser (born February 12, 1971) who records as Hayden, is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Thornhill, Ontario.
_URL_0_ There are a LOT of methods used, and it's hard to exactly answer. Every case is different in terms of exactly what evidence can lead to a definitive source, and sometimes it may be a quick conclusion based on something simple or sometimes it can be impossible to tell. Investigators follow a series of rather rigorous tests and have some extensive background training on fire cause, spread, patterns, and all the many variables that go into a particular kind of fire. Sometimes it *is* impossible, but other times a lot of those confounding factors can be eliminated based on other factors that are less apparent to a layman.  I don't know the likelihood that we have some actual certified Fire Investigators lurking, but I'd love to hear some of their specific tools and methods used in such a special case as wildfires.
Ginevra Weasley's wand Ginevra Weasley's wand Historical information Manufacturer Garrick Ollivander Made Pre 1992Master (s)Ginny Weasley Owner (s)Ginny Weasley Material information Wood Yew [1] [Source]Ginny Weasley's wand is made of yew [2] wood with an unknown length and core materials. The wand was manufactured by Garrick Ollivander, sometime before Ginny began her education at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . Contents [ show]History Ginny conjuring a horse Patronus with her wand Like most wizards and witches in Great Britain, Ginny purchased it at the age of eleven before beginning her education at Hogwarts in 1992 from Ollivander's Wand shop. She has been able to perform powerful magic with her wand, such as casting an unmatchable Bat-Bogey Hex . Ginny also wielded this wand in many battles of the Second Wizarding War such as: the Battle of the Department of Mysteries, the Battle of the Astronomy Tower, and the Battle of Hogwarts . Behind the scenes J. K. Rowling revealed a picture via her official Twitter account on April 18, 2016 showing her idea of some of the main character's wand designs, where Ginny's wand wood was revealed for the first time to be made from yew. Interestingly enough, Harry Potter's wife and his mortal enemy both share the same wand wood. While Ginny's wand is never described within the novels, the wand prop replica used in the films has a black colouration with a spiral that serves as its handle, followed by a stretch of crosshatching that blends into the shaft. Appearances Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (First appearance)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film)Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (video game)Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film)Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (film)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (video game)Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (video game)LEGO Harry Potter: Years 1-4LEGO Harry Potter: Years 5-7Harry Potter: The Character Vault Notes and references↑ @jk_rowling on Twitter 18 April 2016↑ @jk_rowling on Twitter 18 April 2016Categories: Ginevra Weasley's possessions Wands crafted by Garrick Ollivander Yew wands Languages: Polski Português do Brasil Русский 
- DSM Price:$24,995. The World's Largest Chrysler Dodge Jeep RAM Dealer. Largest GM Dealer in the Northwest since 1994. Dave Smith Motors is the World's Largest Chrysler,Dodge Ram,Jeep RAM Dealer and the Northwest's Largest GM Dealer selling more new Chevrolets, Buicks, GMCs & Cadillacs than any other dealer in the Northwest.
Preventive detention the legislation enacted policies described by "The Guardian" as allowing indefinite detention "without trial [of] American terrorism suspects arrested on U.S. soil who could then be shipped to Guantánamo Bay". Convicted persons can be held indefinitely as a "dangerous offender". Preventive detention Preventive detention is an imprisonment that is putatively justified for non-punitive purposes. A related, but different form of detention, is detention of suspects or remand. In contrast to preventive detention, detention of suspects must quickly be followed by a criminal charge (or happen after the charge). In most jurisdictions, people suffering from serious mental illness may be subject
- PDF FILE-CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE WORKSHEET. A knurling tool is used to press a pattern onto a round section. The pattern is normally used as a grip for a handle.Apprentice engineers often manufacture screwdrivers. These have patterned handles, to provide a grip and this achieved through the technique called knurling.. Ryan 2003 - 2009. PDF FILE-CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE WORKSHEET. A knurling tool is used to press a pattern onto a round section. The pattern is normally used as a grip for a handle. Apprentice engineers often manufacture screwdrivers.
Python: how to compute the number of shortest paths passing through one node?
Submitting jobs to IBM devices without Python
- The McCormick Reaper was important because it was a timesaving invention that allowed farmers to more than double the size of there crops. and was one of the grea … test industrial establishments in the united states.
Sona - Meaning of Sona What does Sona mean? Pronounce Sona [ syll. so - na, son -a ] The baby girl name Sona is pronounced as S OW NAH †. Sona is used chiefly in the Indian language and it is derived from Sanskrit origins. The name is of the meaning gold. The names Sonika and Sonna are variants of Sona. See also the related categories, sanskrit and indian. Sona is infrequently used as a baby name for girls. It is not listed in the top 1000 names. Baby names that sound like Sona include Sacmis, Saima, Saimah, Saimma, Samah, Samma, Sammah, Sanaah, Sanah, Sanaz (English), Sanceska, Sancha (Spanish), Sanchah, Sanchie, Sanciah, Sancie, Sanctia, Sang Hee, Sango (Japanese), and Sanja (German and Russian).† approx English pronunciation for Sona: S as in "see (S. IY)" ; OW as in "oak (OW. K)" ; N as in "knee (N. IY)" ; AH as in "mud (M. AH. D)" 
- Answers.com® is making the world better one answer at a time. Leticia Tish Cyrus is 57 years old (born Leticia Finley, September 1, 1959).
What Can Chickens Eat Out of the Garden? Poultry What Can Chickens Eat Out of the Garden? Learn What NOT to Feed Chickens from Your Gardensjpitino • September 17, 2017Add Comment 476 2 30 0 2 2 7Recently one of my podcast listeners asked me, what can chickens eat out of the garden? He wrote: “A question that occurred to me recently is regarding garden waste. I recently finished picking all the green beans out of my garden and I was considering using the ‘chicken tractor’ to let the chickens eat down the rest of the plants. I’m just not sure if it would be bad for the chickens. I tossed a bean plant into their run, and they did eat it, but they didn’t tear into it the way they do some of the other plants I toss in. Anyway it occurred to me that it might be helpful to know what parts of a vegetable garden would be good or bad to tractor chickens over. What can chickens eat out of the garden?”Using garden and yard waste as chicken food for your backyard chickens is a good idea in theory, but requires some thoughtfulness on your part. Feeding chickens scraps from the table is one thing, but not all plants that are edible to humans are suitable fodder for your chickens. In fact, there are many seemingly innocuous vegetables and flowers found commonly in backyards that are positively toxic to birds. Are You Ready for Chick Season? Let Backyard Poultry help!Subscribe today and let us help you take the stress out of chick season. With an All Access Subscription to Backyard Poultry, you can start reading tips and ideas from our experts right now!Generally speaking, free-range chickens will naturally avoid the plants that are poisonous and nibble the ones that are safe to consume. This does not mean that chickens will never try munching on the occasional toxic plant. But don’t despair! A little taste test here or there is unlikely to kill your prized hens. Knowing what can chickens eat out of the garden will help prevent illness in your backyard flock. The real danger arises with potentially poisonous plants and your chickens when they are not free to choose their snacks. Chickens in these situations (e.g. locked in a run with limited food choices) will tend to eat even poisonous plants out of boredom or lack of choice when it is the only option available. I experienced my own confined chickens making toxic snack choices recently. Over this past summer I had the clever idea of putting up some temporary fencing around my vegetable garden in an effort to reduce the overall devastation to my backyard garden beds and flower plots caused by my free-range chickens. The plan was to put my chickens into the fenced-in garden plot (with a bucket of water) and let them scratch and peck among the rows of veggies. This scheme worked swimmingly with my older hens who enjoyed digging for worms and pecking at the downed over-ripe Romas that had fallen to the ground. After they laid their daily eggs, I simply plopped my “big-girls” behind the fence-enclosed garden plot until dusk when I put them to bed. Terrific. I then decided to give my young pullets a turn at some ranging time in the fenced garden plot; this did not go nearly as well. My little knucklehead pullets chose to ignore all of the safely edible plants in the garden and to feast on only the most toxic options. They ate Rhubarb leaves. They devoured tomato plant leaves, but not the tomatoes. Ugh! In the end I stopped putting the silly pullets into the small, enclosed garden space out of fear for their safety. When permitted full access to my backyard they make intelligent snack choices and avoid the poisonous plants, but in the confines of the enclosed garden plot these pullets acted like they had a death wish. As you clean out your vegetable beds for winter be sure to not toss tomato, eggplant, peppers, tomatillos or ground cherry plants in with your chickens. These are all plants in the nightshade family – deadly poisonous to birds or humans. Do not feed your birds bean plants, potato plants or rhubarb leaves — again toxic for your flock. Some safe garden fodder choices for what to fe
Boogie Oogie Oogie (1979) Boogie Oogie Oogie is a song by American R&B band A Taste of Honey from their 1978 self-titled debut album. Released as their debut single in the summer of 1978, the song became an extremely popular crossover disco song. The lyrics urge listeners to boogie oogie oogie till you just can't boogie no more.
Without You (Badfinger song) the Ivor Novello Awards. Sources Without You (Badfinger song) "Without You" is a song written by Pete Ham and Tom Evans of British rock group Badfinger, and first released on their 1970 album "No Dice". The power ballad has been recorded by over 180 artists, and versions released as singles by Harry Nilsson (1971) and Mariah Carey (1994) became international best-sellers. Paul McCartney once described the ballad as "the killer song of all time". In 1972, writers Ham and Evans received the British Academy's Ivor Novello Award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. First recorded by the rock group Badfinger,
Definitions &Translations Princeton's Word Net (5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition:influential (adj)having or exercising influence or power"an influential newspaper"; "influential leadership for peace"Wiktionary (0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:influential (Noun)A person who has influenceinfluential (Adjective)Having or exerting influence. John Lennon was a very influential person in music, as well as in politics, fashion and general culture. British National Corpus Spoken Corpus Frequency Rank popularity for the word 'influential' in Spoken Corpus Frequency: #4696Adjectives Frequency Rank popularity for the word 'influential' in Adjectives Frequency: #648Numerology Chaldean Numerology The numerical value of influential in Chaldean Numerology is: 6Pythagorean Numerology The numerical value of influential in Pythagorean Numerology is: 6Sample Sentences & Example Usage Vander Plaats: They understand that this base has been very influential in past caucuses. Thomas Wassel: Assuming it's upheld on appeal, it may be more than influential, it will be controlling in California. Theda Skocpol: The parties are going to be competing for the doctor vote, it will probably help them to be influential. Bill Cosby: He's one of my mentors, and he's been very influential and played a big role in my life as a friend and mentor. Country Music Hall of Fame: One of country's most influential producers, Billy Sherrill helped to shape the music's evolution in the 1970s and beyond. Images & Illustrations of influential 
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
Caracazo The Caracazo , or sacudón , is the name given to the wave of protests , riots , looting , shootings and massacres that began on 27 February 1989 in Venezuela 's capital , Caracas , and the surrounding towns . The weeklong clashes resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people , thousands by some accounts , mostly at the hands of security forces and the military . The riots and the protests began mainly in response to the government 's economic reforms and the resulting increase in the price of gasoline and transportation .
Who was the first criminal execution in electric chair? Matthew Crowder 224,614 Contributions Who was the first criminal execution in electric chair? William Kemmler . William Kemmler became the first criminal to be executed by electrocution (in Auburn Prison, Auburn, New York) on August 6, 1890. William Galloway 22,671 Contributions When was the last execution in the electric chair? Answer . May 10, 2002 in Alabama.. ---------------. Daryl Holton was executed in the Fred Leuchter redesigned chair in Tennessee on 9-12-2007. Electricthang 2 Contributions Who was last executed in the electric chair? Answer It was James Earl Reed on June 21st 2008 The last person to die in the electric chair was James earl reed on 20th June 2008 in South Carolina Which states still use the electric chair for execution?i don't know. That's y i asked : DHow many US states allow execution by hanging? Only lethal injection is used at the federal level and only the states of Washington and New Hampshire still retain hanging as an option. (straight from wiki)Andy Hammond 2 Contributions What US state still has the electric chair? Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Kentucky, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia jurisdictions still use the electric chair Box Office Butcher 35 Contributions What State in the US still has the electric chair? Prisoners can be electrocuted in Alabama, Florida, South Carolina and Virginia at their request. Prisoners sentenced to death for crimes committed before March 31st, 1998 in K …How many US states allow the execution of juveniles?23Box Office Butcher 35 Contributions Which states use electric chair? Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Kentucky, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia jurisdictions still provide for the use of electrocution. Alabama - inject …Answers Publisher 49,340 Contributions What states still use the electric chair? While use of the electric chair is rare today, three states - Georgia, Alabama, and Nebraska - use it as thier main form of execution. Arkansas, Kentucky, Ohio, Oklahoma, So …Ethixxs 22 Contributions In which US states is the electric chair used? Georgia,, Alabama ,, nebraska How many volts are used in the electric chair?2000 volts 
In 1933, von Neumann was offered a lifetime professorship on the faculty of the Institute for Advanced Study when the institute's plan to appoint Hermann Weyl fell through. He remained a mathematics professor there until his death, although he announced that shortly before his intention to resign and become a professor at large at the University of California. His mother, brothers and in-laws followed John to the United States in 1939. Von Neumann anglicized his first name to John, keeping the German-aristocratic surname of von Neumann. His brothers changed theirs to "Neumann" and "Vonneumann". Von Neumann became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1937, and immediately tried to become a lieutenant in the United States Army's Officers Reserve Corps. He passed the exams easily, but was ultimately rejected because of his age. His prewar analysis is often quoted. Asked about how France would stand up to Germany he said "Oh, France won't matter."
Kinda hard to ELI5 this one, but basically... When you exercise, the stress creates small tears in the muscle tissue. The existing cells that comprise the damaged tissue don't divide to repair the damage. Rather, the cells making up the damaged fibers are removed and then replaced by new muscle fiber cells to fill in the gaps so to speak. This process of tearing the muscle, removing the damaged parts, and rebuilding the structure, is a main factor in allowing a muscle to grow in size and strength. The key here is that the new cells are essentially reserve stem cells in the muscle tissue that become activated to turn into muscle fiber. Stem cells don't have the same Hayflick limit issue as typical cells that have already differentiated. If muscle growth was a process of muscle fiber cells dividing over and over in response to physical stress, yes technically you'd expect that exercise would essentially prematurely age your muscle tissue.
Girl Guides of the UK Girl Guides of the UK logo This article is a stub. You can help Girl Scout Wiki by expanding it. Girl Guides of the UK is the national Guiding association of the United Kingdom. Girl Guides of the UK was founded in 1910 and currently has 538,000 + members. It's headquarters are located in London. Contents [ show]History Edit Girl Guides of the UK was founded by Anges Baden-Powell, the sister of Robert Baden-Powell, when many girls tried to join Boy Scouts, a boy-only organization. He chose the name "Guides" because it reminded him of his millitary background. Levels Edit Rainbow Guides (ages 5-7)Brownie Guides (ages 7-10)Guides (ages 10-14)The Senior Section (ages 14-25)Promise Edit- Rainbows- I promise that I will do my best,to think about my beliefs,and to be kind and helpful.-Brownies, Guides, and The Senior Section- Edit I promise I will do my best;To be true to myself and develope my beliefs,To serve the Queen and my community,To help other people and To keep the Guide Law Law Edit1) A Guide is honest, reliable and can be trusted.2) A Guide is helpful and uses her time and abilities wisely.3) A Guide faces challenges and learns from her experiences.4) A Guide is a good friend and a sister to all Guides.5) A Guide is polite and considerate.6) A Guide respects all living things and takes care of the world around her Categories: Article stubs Girl Guides Part of WAGGGSAdd category 
In the 11th century, documents written in macaronic Latin begin to show Catalan elements, with texts written almost completely in Romance appearing by 1080. Old Catalan shared many features with Gallo-Romance, diverging from Old Occitan between the 11th and 14th centuries.
. 12 Ways We Can Get One Step Closer to Pay Equity How Much Is Too Much When It Comes to Sharing Your Kids' Lives on Social Media? 
- Peptide bonds hold adjacent amino acids together. Peptide bonds are covalent. But the bonds that dictate the secondary, tertiary, and Quaternary structure of the resulting pro … tein are generally hydrogen bonds, van der Walls interations, and hydrophobic interactions.
Calories in a Large Portobello Mushroom Calories in a Large Portobello Mushroomby PAM MURPHY Oct. 03, 2017Portobello mushrooms are one of 38,000 varieties of mushrooms, according to Oregon State University Extension. Although not all mushroom varieties are edible, portobellos are not only good to eat, they provide important nutrients. Video of the Day Error loading player: Flash plugin failed to load Identification Portobello mushrooms are circular, flat fungi that can grow to the size of a hamburger patty. Portobellos have a dense, chewy texture and can be grilled or roasted. Features One portobello mushroom averages 84 grams in weight and contains 18 calories, according to the USDA Nutrient Database. The majority of a portobello's weight is attributable to its water content. One 84 gram portobello contains 77.97 grams of water, which contributes to the mushroom's low calorie content. Nutrients A large portobello mushroom provides 3.25 grams of carbohydrates, 1.77 grams of protein, 1.1 gram of fiber and 0.29 grams of fat. Notably, the portobello contains 306 milligrams of potassium. Lose Weight. Feel Great!Change your life with My Plate by LIVE STRONG . COMGOALGENDER AGEWEIGHT HEIGHTGET MY CALORIE GOALYOU MIGHT ALSO LIKEThe Best Ways to Cook Portobello Mushrooms Portobello Mushroom Benefits How to Cook Baby Portobello Mushrooms in an Oven Nutritional Value of Portobello Mushrooms How to Cook Portobello Mushrooms as Hamburger Buns How to Bake Mushroom Caps What Vitamins Do Mushrooms Have? How to BBQ Portobello Mushrooms How to Cook a Portobello Mushroom Burger How to Store and Freeze Portobello Mushrooms How Do I Cook Raw Sausage in Portobello Mushrooms? The Calories in a Portobello Mushroom Sandwich Nutrition Facts for Cooked Mushrooms What Type of Mushrooms Do You Cook With Steak? How to Cook Large Brown Mushrooms The Adverse Effects of Shiitake Mushrooms What Are the Health Benefits of Morel Mushrooms? How to Cook the Hamburger Buns for Hamburgers Food Poisoning From Shiitake Lingzhi Mushroom Benefits 
- Tessitura is a good determiner of voice type; range alone does not tell where a voice sounds its best and vocal color on its own does not determine either of those. Sopranos and tenors generally sound bright, contraltos and basses generally sound dark, and mezzo-sopranos and baritones are of medium color.
Penn State in Pittsburgh Fayette Campus. Located in the southwest Pennsylvania, Penn State Fayette is one hour and thirty minutes away from Pittsburgh. The campus is situated in the scenic Laurel Highlands, and boasts newly renovated facilities. Privately owned housing is available for students near campus.
Rohit Sharma was resting. Rohit Sharma again lead India in the 2018 Asia Cup after Virat Kohli was rested after a rigorous tour of England. India won the tournament after wining the final against Bangladesh. Rohit lead India to defeat West Indies in the T20I series. Rohit Sharma is one of the most successful players in Indian Premier League (IPL) and has the unique record of finishing the match by scoring a last-ball six. He has one century and a hat-trick to his name. He is also one of the few players to score more than 4000 runs in the IPL. Sharma
Michelle Carter (athlete) Michelle Carter (athlete)From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Michelle Carter Carter at the 2012 World Indoor Championships in Istanbul Personal information Nationality American Born October 12, 1985 (age 32)San Jose, California, United States Height 5 ft 9 in (175 cm) [1]Weight 260 lb (118 kg) [2]Sport Country United States Sport Athletics Event (s) Shot put College team Texas Longhorns Coached by Michael Carter Medal record [hide]Olympic Games2016 Rio de Janeiro Shot put World Championships2015 Beijing Shot put2017 London Shot put World Indoor Championships2016 Portland Shot put2012 Istanbul Shot put Pan American Games2011 Guadalajara Shot put World Junior Championships2004 Grosseto, Italy Shot put World Youth Championships2001 Debrecen, Hungary Shot put Michelle Denee Carter (born October 12, 1985) is an American shot putter, and the current Olympic women's champion. She is the current American record holder in the event with a distance of 20.63 m (67 ft 8 in) set at the 2016 Olympic Games. Contents [ hide ]1 Career2 Personal life3 References4 External links Career [ edit]Carter won the 2016 gold medal at the Rio Olympics on the last of her six throws, edging two-time defending champion Valerie Adams of New Zealand. [3] In doing so, Carter became the first United States women's athlete to win the event since the women's competition began at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games in London, England, and only the second American to win any medal ( Earlene Brown, bronze medal, 1960). [4]Carter broke her own American Record with the Olympic Gold Medal-winning toss of 20.63 meters or 67' 8 1/4". She finished fifteenth at the 2008 Olympic Games and fourth at the 2012 Olympic Games. [5]A Bronze Medalist at the 2015 and 2017 IAAF World Championships, Carter also won the Gold Medal at the 2016 World Indoor Championships after winning the Bronze Medal in 2012. She won the Silver Medal at the 2001 World Youth Championships and the Gold Medal at the 2004 World Junior Championships. In addition to winning the 2008 United States Olympic Team Trials, she was the 2009, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 National Champion. [6] While competing for the University of Texas, she won the Collegiate NCAA National Championship in 2006. Carter is a graduate of Red Oak High School in Red Oak, Texas where she was a four time State Champion in the Shot Put. Her father, Michael Carter, is also a former Olympian and NFL star — the only athlete to win an Olympic medal and a Super Bowl ring in the same year. Both Michelle and her father hold the current National High School Record in the shot put, the only such father-and-daughter situation. Michelle set her record in 2003 while winning the Texas state championship; her father's record has been unchallenged since 1979. Personal life [ edit]Carter's father, Michael, won the men’s shot put silver medal while representing Team USA at the Los Angeles 1984 Olympic Games and also played professional American football for the San Francisco 49ers from 1984-1992, winning three Super Bowls. [1]She received a full track scholarship to The University of Texas, she graduated in 2007 with a degree in Youth and Communities Studies, and a minor in Kinesiology. Carter is a certified professional make-up artist; information about her work is available on shotdiva.com. [7]Carter has focused on body image both on the field and off, talking to young women about confidence through her program You Throw Girl. “You have to understand everyone’s body was built to do something. I was built to do something, and that’s how I was built. I think the world is realizing we were promoting one body type and there have always been many.” [8]References [ edit]^ a b "Michelle Carter". teamusa.org. United States Olympic Committee. Retrieved 16 August 2016.^ "Shot Diva: Meet Michelle". shotdiva.com.^ Associated Press (August 12, 2016). "Michelle Carter wins gold for U. S. in women's shot put". Chicago Tribune. Rio de Janeiro. Retrieved August 13, 2016.^ Rubinroit, Seth. "Michelle Carter wins women's shot p
Nation building. Young nations like the US that are made up from 99% immigrants use patriotism to bind the people. Displays of military gives the citizens the comfy blanket that the new nation is different from the old and will protect them.
- Talk [edit]. The official languages of the region are Basque (Euskara) and Spanish. Spanish is the most spoken language, but there are signs in Basque as well. Practically everyone will speak fluent Spanish, while Basque is less widely spoken.700,000 out of the Basque country's population of 2,100,000 speak Basque.asque is official alongside Spanish in the entire Autonomous Community, but is much more widely spoken in the provinces of Biscay and especially Gipuzkoa. In Álava álava it is virtually-non existent as a native, language but is official. nonetheless
What is the plant shown in this picture? Any additional information will be appreciated.?
What do Catholics eat on Fridays during Lent? Confidence votes 34. Catholics can eat anything they want on Fridays during Lent, so long as it is not flesh meat. Fish and seafood are allowed, thus many Catholics mark the season by seeking out and choosing to eat fish on Fridays as an observance of this rule during Lent. Eating fish is not required on Fridays during Lent, rather it is simply a deep-seated tradition in Catholic culture.
It affects the temperature in a different manner. Having ice there will _keep_ the system cool slightly longer, as energy is required to melt the snow. The bigger effect would be white surface reflecting sunlight that would otherwise be absorbed by the ground.
Globe Arena (football stadium) The Globe Arena is a football stadium in Morecambe, Lancashire, England, which is used by Morecambe F.C. It is named after Globe Construction, the company that built the stadium. The stadium holds up to 6,476 supporters, with 2,173 seats available in the Main Stand, which runs the length of one side of the pitch. Opposite the Main Stand is an uncovered terrace with a capacity of 606, giving a similar feel to the ground as that at Christie Park. At either ends of the pitch are the home and away stands, with the home end holding a maximum of 2,234 supporters and the away end having a capacity of 1,389. In the north east corner of the stadium is the community block, which is split between two floors. The building also houses a gym and a ticket office for visiting fans. The stadium replaced the old Morecambe F.C. stadium, Christie Park, which was Morecambe's home since 1921.
Umberto Agnelli Umberto Agnelli (1 November 1934 – 27 May 2004) was an Italian industrialist and politician. He was the third son of Virginia Agnelli (born Donna Virginia Bourbon del Monte) and of Edoardo Agnelli, and the youngest brother of Gianni Agnelli.
The Scottish Reformation of 1560 decisively shaped the Church of Scotland. The Reformation in Scotland culminated ecclesiastically in the establishment of a church along Reformed lines, and politically in the triumph of English influence over that of France. John Knox is regarded as the leader of the Scottish Reformation. The Scottish Reformation Parliament of 1560 repudiated the pope's authority by the Papal Jurisdiction Act 1560, forbade the celebration of the Mass and approved a Protestant Confession of Faith. It was made possible by a revolution against French hegemony under the regime of the regent Mary of Guise, who had governed Scotland in the name of her absent daughter.
The double-oxygen-bearing ring is an example of a cyclic peroxide. In contrast to hydrogen peroxide, the peroxide group in prostaglandin H2 is fully organic, having organic groups attached at either end. There are other such examples of cyclic peroxides [here](_URL_1_). The reactivity of peroxides means that natural examples thereof are comparatively rare (they undergo scission in a vareity of circumstances). Their formation is driven by strong reducing agents or is effected by exchange reactions with hydrogen peroxide (now made using a catalyst and H2 and O2).  The second ring can only really be visuallised in 3 dimensions: the first ring has an extra arm that links its top and bottom positions. This is not unusual, for a simple example have a look at [norbornene](_URL_0_).  The specifics of their formation, use and stability would be better answered by an organic chemist, but I hope this is enough of an answer for you to be able to do some further reading.
chronic ear clicking Guest over a year ago Hi! I have clicking in the ear. Recently I went to otolaryngology and they told me that clicking is caused by partial blockage of the Eustachian tube. Doctor explain me something about cold, but I didn’t understand him well. I often have a problem with my ears. What can cause Eustachian tube blockage? Is there some relation between sinus infection and blockage of the Eustachian tube?vogler95 over a year ago Hi! My son have same problem as you. He often has persistent ear infection. So, I was interested about this issue and this I know about that. Partial or complete blockage of the Eustachian tube can cause popping, clicking, and ear fullness. As Eustachian tube function worsens, air pressure in the middle ear falls, and the ear feels full and sounds are muffled. The Eustachian tube can be blocked or obstructed for a variety of reasons. The most common cause is a "cold". Sinus infections or allergies can also cause swelling of the Eustachian tube. Consequently, a stuffy nose leads to stuffy ears. Reply Guest over a year ago I recently saw an ENT and he told me that the clicking occurs in everyones ears. When people have springier cartilage around the eustachian tube it apparently creates a louder clicking noise when the muscles open and close the tube. A lot of people with this problem also tend to have a lot of moisture built up around the enterance of the ET. I'm currently seventeen and I started having this problem about a year and a half ago (although I have had ear infections all my life). The ENT said that it was very difficult to treat this problem but he did inform me that I had severe allergies and that I should have allergy testing and by alleviating the symptoms I may be able to eliminate the clicking. I suggest getting second and third opinions and continue seeking out answers until you can find a cause and a treatment. Swelling of the adenoids can cause blockage as well as mucus in the tube. Congested sinuses seem to aggrivate my ET problems so I'm sure a sinus infection could cause it as well. Reply Guest over a year ago I too have this ear clicking in my ear (like a geiger counter)....3 seconds on ......3 seconds off.....over and over. Driving me up the wall. Couldnot sleep so for two days and nights. Then my wife, a licensed Med Assistant told me to take, Sudafed (nasal decongestant), Guaifenesin (expectorant), ibuprofen (for inflamation) and benadryl (to sleep-only at night) Slept like a baby last night. Today the ear is just a bit nosey, but nothing like the last three days. Took Sudafed, Guafasen and ibuprofen today. Big improvement. Gioing to keep up the therapy. :-DReply Guest over a year ago I too had this problem. It had improved until I followed my Primary Care's advice to take an Actifed/Sudafed. I almost immediately (within an hour) noticed my condition had worsened. I took a Walmart version of Zyrtec (because of my outdoor allergies that were driving me insane) and noticed that the clicking had stopped within a day or two. When it happened again, I simply waited it out a few weeks. It has been almost eight months since my last episode. I refuse to settle for surgery! !Replychar over a year ago I too had this problem for about three days. I am vaguely remembering having the problem over a decade ago and the primary care doctor told me to take sinus or cold medicine similar to sudafed or something that would open nasal passages since this some how also opens the Eustachian tube. I am 39, no serious allergies, no current allergies, just some stress and drinking more coffee than normal. I usually don't drink items with caffeine, but I have been fairly consistently about once a week. I have no ideas as to what is causing mine, so I am just listing some current changes in my life. Replyusersean over a year ago Yeah i have this problem now.. it goes uh, uh, uhhh, uh uh, uhuhuhuh, uh uh. Annoying. Replysuccubus68 over a year ago I have had a clicking or tapping in my left ear for 18 years. I am 42 now. I noticed it one night suddenly. When I lay on my right si
When Does the Average Newborn Double His Weight? When Does the Average Newborn Double His Weight?by HEATHER HITCHCOCK Jan. 22, 2014Newborns gain weight rapidly during the first 6 to 12 months of life. Most babies double their birth weight by 6 months of age. Although growth rate slows after 6 months, babies continue steadily gaining weight in their first year of life. However, growth rate is dependant upon a number of factors, especially whether the child is breastfed or formula-fed. Video of the Day Error loading player: Flash plugin failed to load Newborn Ups and Downs Most full term newborn babies, born between 38 and 40 weeks gestation, weigh between six and nine pounds at birth. During the first week of life, babies tend to lose some weight, but the lost weight is usually regained by the second week of life. Formula fed babies tend to lose about five percent of their birth weight in the first week; whereas, breastfed babies can lose between seven and 10 percent of their birth weight in the first week, notes the American Pregnancy Association. Four to Six Months Newborns continue to gain about five to seven ounces a week for the first 3 to 4 months of life. Most babies should have doubled their birth weight by 6 months, but many may have doubled their birth weight by 4 months of age. By 1 year old, most babies have tripled their birth weight. The rate at which your baby gains weight is dependent on a number of factors, such as if the child was premature, has been sick, your child’s sex or if your child is breastfed or formula-fed. Breastfed and Formula-Fed Differences At about 4 months of age, growth rates between breastfed and formula-fed babies start to change and are often physically noticeable. Because breast milk has a different effect on the baby's metabolism and insulin levels, breastfed babies tend to store fat differently. Thus, breastfed babies tend to be longer and leaner, and weigh about a pound less than formula-fed babies at 12 months old, according the Ask Dr. Sears website. Breastfeeding and Weight Gain In addition to breastfed babies being lean, they are also less likely to become obese later in life, notes Doraine Bailey, MA, IBCLC. Breastfed babies are in more control on the amount of milk they drink and less likely to over-consume. This teaches them to stop eating when they are full, instead of continuing to eat until the bottle is empty. When infants continually consume more than necessary, they gain more weight, and this habit can continue into adulthood. Furthermore, breast milk contains many different flavors based on what the mother eats; whereas, formula milk always taste the same. Consequently, breastfed babies are more open to eating a wider variety of foods, such as fruits and vegetables than formula-fed babies. Lose Weight. Feel Great!Change your life with My Plate by LIVE STRONG . COMGOALGENDER AGEWEIGHT HEIGHTGET MY CALORIE GOALYOU MIGHT ALSO LIKEThe Normal Weight Ranges for Infants How Much Should a Baby Weigh at 12 Months? How Much Weight Should a Baby Gain Per Week & Per Day? Development Stages for a 0-3 Month Child Normal Weight of Four- and Five-Month-Old Infants Decrease in Appetite in Infants Signs of a Growth Spurt in a Baby How to Calculate Percentile Weight Loss for Infants The Average Weight of a 9-Month-Old Causes of Weight Gain During First Month of Pregnancy Normal Weight Range of a One Month Old Do Infants Have a Growth Spurt at Four Weeks Old? The Frequency of Breastfeeding During the Second Month How Much Weight Should an Infant Gain Each Month? Trouble Losing Weight While Breastfeeding How to Lose Weight While Breastfeeding After Giving Birth Why Isn't My Baby Gaining Weight? How Much Should a 6-Month-Old Weigh? How Much Do Newborn Babies Eat? How Much Weight Does a Baby Gain in His First Year? 
Beauty Shop Beauty Shop is a 2005 American comedy film directed by Bille Woodruff . The film serves as a spin-off of the Barbershop film franchise , and stars Queen Latifah as Gina , a character first introduced in the 2004 film Barbershop 2 : Back in Business . This film also stars Alicia Silverstone , Andie MacDowell , Mena Suvari , Kevin Bacon and Djimon Hounsou .
Parody music popular songs in the 1950s and 1960s, mocking the musical conventions of the day, such as Elvis Presley's "Heartbreak Hotel". The bandleader and pianist Paul Weston and his wife, singer Jo Stafford, created the musical duo, "Jonathan and Darlene Edwards", as a parody of bad cabaret acts. The British group The Barron Knights became famous for their parodies of pop performers in the 1970s. Parodists with differing techniques have included "Weird Al" Yankovic, who has generally put new lyrics to largely unchanged music, and Richard Cheese and Lounge Against the Machine or The Lounge Kittens keeps the lyrics intact but
A number of BYU alumni have found success in professional sports, representing the University in 7 MLB World Series, 5 NBA Finals, and 25 NFL Super Bowls. In baseball, BYU alumni include All-Stars Rick Aguilera '83, Wally Joyner '84, and Jack Morris '76. Professional basketball players include three-time NBA champion Danny Ainge '81, 1952 NBA Rookie of the Year and 4-time NBA All-Star Mel Hutchins '51,[citation needed] three-time Olympic medalist and Hall of Famer Krešimir Ćosić '73, and consensus 2011 national college player of the year Jimmer Fredette '11, currently with the New York Knicks organization. BYU also claims notable professional football players including two-time NFL MVP and Super Bowl MVP and Pro Football Hall of Fame quarterback Steve Young '84 & J.D. '96, Heisman Trophy winner Ty Detmer '90, and two-time Super Bowl winner Jim McMahon. In golf, BYU alumni include two major championship winners: Johnny Miller ('69) at the 1973 U.S. Open and 1976 British Open and Mike Weir ('92) at the 2003 Masters.
CONTEXT
Recent reports show that obesity and diabetes have increased in the United States in the past decade.


OBJECTIVE
To estimate the prevalence of obesity, diabetes, and use of weight control strategies among US adults in 2000.


DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS
The Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, a random-digit telephone survey conducted in all states in 2000, with 184 450 adults aged 18 years or older.


MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES
Body mass index (BMI), calculated from self-reported weight and height; self-reported diabetes; prevalence of weight loss or maintenance attempts; and weight control strategies used.


RESULTS
In 2000, the prevalence of obesity (BMI >/=30 kg/m(2)) was 19.8%, the prevalence of diabetes was 7.3%, and the prevalence of both combined was 2.9%. Mississippi had the highest rates of obesity (24.3%) and of diabetes (8.8%); Colorado had the lowest rate of obesity (13.8%); and Alaska had the lowest rate of diabetes (4.4%). Twenty-seven percent of US adults did not engage in any physical activity, and another 28.2% were not regularly active. Only 24.4% of US adults consumed fruits and vegetables 5 or more times daily. Among obese participants who had had a routine checkup during the past year, 42.8% had been advised by a health care professional to lose weight. Among participants trying to lose or maintain weight, 17.5% were following recommendations to eat fewer calories and increase physical activity to more than 150 min/wk.


CONCLUSIONS
The prevalence of obesity and diabetes continues to increase among US adults. Interventions are needed to improve physical activity and diet in communities nationwide.
Yes, gravity never just stops propagating, but you do have to take the speed of light limit into account. There are regions of the Universe that are so far away that they've never had time to influence us gravitationally. However, if the Universe went through an early period of accelerated expansion called inflation, as we think it likely did, then the region which could have influenced us at one point or another is going to be significantly, many orders of magnitude, larger than the part of the Universe we can observe today.
Magic Mushroom Tea Magic Mushroom Tea Here are a couple nice recipes to turn your mushrooms into a relaxing hot tea :)Mushroom Tea Cook about 2 grams of dried magic mushrooms with some water. Cook the water slowly, keep the fire low and leave the magic mushrooms in for about 20 min. Pour the water and mix with a caffeine-free tea. Drink the Mushroom Tea After 30 minutes you will notice the magic mushrooms start working. You will get relaxed, laughy, then visualisations will start. This lasts for about 5 hours, depending on the amount you drank…Simple Mushroom Tea Chop or crush mushrooms. Use 1 cup of water per person and/or 1 cup of water per 5 grams. Heat water to boiling, pour hot water over mushrooms. Wait 5-10 minutes, strain water into drinking cup. Pour a second amount of water over strained mushrooms. Drink first infusion. Strain second infusion into drinking cup and drink. Rate this: Share this: Reddit Loading...~ by riot on 17 February 2007. Posted in Recipes Tags: cooking, mushrooms, tea 
Martha Gellhorn Martha Gellhorn Martha Ellis Gellhorn (November 8, 1908 – February 15, 1998) was an American novelist, travel writer, and journalist who is considered one of the great war correspondents of the 20th century. She reported on virtually every major world conflict that took place during her 60-year career. Gellhorn was also the third wife of American novelist Ernest Hemingway, from 1940 to 1945. She died in 1998 in an apparent suicide at the age of 89, ill and almost completely blind. The Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism is named after her. Gellhorn was born on November 8, 1908, in St.
Brisbane Bitter Brisbane Bitter was a heavy beer originating, as the name suggests, in Brisbane, Australia. It was initially introduced by Carlton & United Breweries in the 1970s.
Unclear. Studies are very contradicting as to what yawning exactly does. Some say it gives more oxygen, some say it doesn't, it might be temperature regulation, or it could be social things to organize groups to sleep at the same time.
Ajerk
Trigger Point Injections (20552 and 20553) Trigger Point Injections (20552 and 20553)chrisw September 8th, 2014 0 comments Billing & Coding Always read the full description of a CPT code. For example, 20552 is reported for 1 or 2 muscle groups injected and 20553 is reported for 3 or more muscle groups injected. Example: The patient presented with trigger points in the upper right shoulder and neck region. Injections of lidocaine 2% were injected into three areas of the neck and two areas of the right shoulder into the previously located trigger points. The patient tolerated the procedure well. In this scenario, the patient had five injections (three in the neck and two in the shoulder) but these only covered two muscle groups. Some coders might be confused and code 20553 for 3 or more muscle groups because they were counting the injections rather than the actual muscle groups. This report should be coded 20552 for shoulder and neck. Log in or register to post comments User login Username *Password *Create new account Request new password Categories Specialties Medicare Bundles Billing & Coding Chiropractic Compliance Insurance & Reimbursement ICD 10Behavioral Health Tags ABN - Advance Beneficiary Notice Auditing Behavioral Health Billing & Coding CMS 1500Collections Compliance Denial Management DMEDocumentation E/M Documentation and Coding EHR Fees Fraud HIPAAICD 10Insurance & Reimbursement Integration Medicare NDC-National Drug Codes NPIOIG OSHA Pharmaceutical POS-Place of Service PQRSPractice Management Professional Licensing/Certification Risk Adjustment Specialty Taxonomy Code Sets Technology UB04 Webinars Workers Comp Popular Posts Welcome!July 15th, 2014Will VA Reform Become a Reality? July 14th, 2014Managing Managed Care Contracts July 21st, 2014 
this is an empirical question, not a theoretical one, because dexterity is defined empirically. and because of the limited number of people to which it applies, anecdotal evidence is appropriate. a friend of mine had his right arm badly injured in a car accident when he was a kid. so he had to start doing almost everything left-handed. a decade later, he was very proficient, but you could still clearly tell that he wasn't as dexterous (even as, say, an 8 year old using their natural hand). writing, typing, eating, you name it. of course practice makes you much better. but to me this is explicit evidence that one does not fully gain the dexterity of their original dominant hand. no amount of other people who might have gotten slightly better can disprove this empirical observation. edit: to the mods: unless you understand why it's inappropriate to use a fixed effect statistical analysis on data of this nature, you shouldn't be removing this comment for being anecdotal.
Because of the size of the human brain, their head is proportionally larger that other animals. Humans walking upright also means that there are changes in the pelvic bones that make pelvic outlet comparatively narrower when compared to other similar sized animals. These two things together means that humans have to be born before their head gets so big that they physically cant fit through the mother's pelvis. This means they have evolved so they are born less developed than some other animals.
Negative (adverse or threatening) events evoke strong and rapid physiological, cognitive, emotional, and social responses. This mobilization of the organism is followed by physiological, cognitive, and behavioral responses that damp down, minimize, and even erase the impact of that event. This pattern of mobilization-minimization appears to be greater for negative events than for neutral or positive events. Theoretical accounts of this response pattern are reviewed. It is concluded that no single theoretical mechanism can explain the mobilization-minimization pattern, but that a family of integrated process models, encompassing different classes of responses, may account for this pattern of parallel but disparately caused effects.
Roy Firestone Net Worth Roy Firestone Net Worth How much is Roy Firestone Worth?in Richest Celebrities › Actors Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Random Celebrity Roy Firestone net worth:$1.5 Million Roy Firestone net worth: Roy Firestone is an American sports commentator and journalist who has a net worth of $1.5 million. Roy Firestone was born in Miami Beach, Florida in December 1953. He graduated from the University of Miami and started his career at WTVJ in Miami. Firestone moved to Los Angeles, California and worked as a sports anchor for KCBS-TV from 1977 to 1985. He hosted the ESPN television series Sports Look from 1980 to 1990 which was later renamed Up Close. Firestone was a color commentator for Sunday Night Football in 1987. From 2013 to 2014 he was a sports analyst and commentator on the TV series Good Day L. A. He is the host of the HDNet series Face to Face with Roy Firestone as well as AOL's Time Out with Roy Firestone. Firestone voiced the role of Egghead in the 1988 movie Daffy Duck's Quackbusters. He has appeared in episodes of the TV series The New Hollywood Squares, In Living Color, Married with Children, Clueless, Arsenio, Everybody Loves Raymond, The Simpsons, Spin City, The New Odd Couple, Webster, Coach, Arli$$, and Yes, Dear. Firestone won a Cable Ace Award in 1987 for Sports Host of Sports Look. Roy Firestone TV Anchor Date of Birth Dec 8, 1953 (64 years old)Profession TV Anchor, Talk show host, Journalist, Sports commentator, Actor Nationality United States of America Share on Facebook All net worths are calculated by applying a proprietary algorithm. The results are then fact checked and confirmed by a team of editors. We scan all publicly available data and resources and work diligently to ensure that our numbers are the most accurate and up to date net worth data you will find anywhere on the internet. Did we make a mistake? Submit a correction suggestion and help us fix it!Submit a Correction Discussion 
business economic policy economy general house believes national minimum wage There is no social justice in denying people the ability to work. The minimum wage serves to benefit insiders who are employed and harm outsiders who do not have jobs and cannot get them due to the dearth of jobs created by the wage laws. [1] The state may have the best interests of its citizens at heart when it institutes a minimum wage, but it accomplishes little when it leaves more of its citizens without work, and thus dependent upon the state for survival.

[1] Dorn, Minimum Wage Socialism, 2010

Stopping the sky-vandals
Pictures of Sedimentary Rocks Sedimentary rocks are formed by the accumulation of sediments. There are three basic types of sedimentary rocks. Clastic sedimentary rocks such as breccia, conglomerate, sandstone, siltstone, and shale are formed from mechanical weathering debris.hemical sedimentary rocks, such as rock salt, iron ore, chert, flint, some dolomites, and some limestones, form when dissolved materials precipitate from solution. Organic sedimentary rocks such as coal, some dolomites, and some limestones, form from the accumulation of plant or animal debris.
The Advisory Board Company From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (June 2015) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)The Advisory Board Company Type Public Traded as NASDAQ : ABCOIndustry Health care and education, best practices, research, technology, consulting Founded 1979Founder David G. Bradley Headquarters Washington, DC, United States Area served Worldwide Key people Robert Musslewhite (CEO, Chairman) David Felsenthal • President Michael Kirshbaum • Chief Financial Officer Mary Van Hoose • Chief Talent Officer Chas Roades • Chief Research Officer, Health Care Practice Scott Fassbach • Chief Research Officer, Education Practice Number of employees 3,600Website advisoryboardcompany.com The Advisory Board Company is a best practices firm that uses a combination of research, technology, and consulting to improve the performance of health care organizations and educational institutions. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Advisory Board3 EAB4 Notable current and former employees5 References6 External links History [ edit]The company was founded by David G. Bradley in 1979 as the Research Council of Washington with five employees. Its original mission was to answer "any question for any company for any industry," but in 1983 the company began to specialize in research for the financial services industry and changed its name to The Advisory Board Company. By 1986, the company had launched its health care-focused strategic research division, including its first membership program, the Health Care Advisory Board. [1]Across the next four years the firm grew to 150 employees, served more than 500 health care members, and published 15 major reports and 2,000 research briefs each year. In 1993, the firm launched a strategic research membership for large companies, bringing on almost half of the Fortune 500 within 18 months. The firm expanded in 1994 to include its first clinically based program, the Cardiology Roundtable—which has since evolved to become the Cardiovascular Roundtable—providing best practices to the nations’ cardiac programs. In 1997, the company spun off its corporate membership group, forming The Corporate Executive Board (now CEB Inc.) as an independent company. It maintained its focus on the health care sector, working with more than 1,500 health care organizations. H*Works, a consulting business offering best practice implementation support launched in 2000, followed shortly by The Advisory Board Company’s initial public offering in 2001, in which Bradley sold his ownership interest. By 2002, the firm topped 2,100 memberships and 500 employees, and launched The Advisory Board Academies leadership development division—now the company's Talent Development division—to address the leadership gap in health care. In 2003, the company was named to Washingtonian ’s Great Places to Work and launched its business intelligence and analytics offering, Compass, providing memberships anchored by robust decision support tools. In 2005, the firm was named to Forbes ’ Top 200 High-Growth Companies and again to Washingtonian 's Great Places to Work. [2]In 2007, the company launched its first membership programs in higher education, working with student and academic affairs executives at several U. S. research universities. [3] The firm continued to grow across 2008, acquiring Crimson, a data, analytics, and business intelligence software provider focused on physician performance, quality metrics, and cost of care outcomes. By 2009, The Advisory Board Company had opened its doors in San Francisco, marking the fourth U. S. office. The firm also grew to over 1,000 employees and over 2,800 health care and higher education members. The company expanded its capabilities in the physician management terrain through the acquisition of Southwind, a management and consulting firm focuse
- Blood Type Diet Chart – Blood Type A. Characteristics of Type A. Best on Vegetarian Diet. Artichoke, chicory, greens (dandelion, swiss chard), horseradish, leek, romaine, okra, parsley, alfalfa sprouts, tempeh, tofu, turnip (Vegetables are vital to the Type A diet, providing minerals, enzymes and antioxidants.
Small intestine be abnormally dilated when the diameter exceeds 3 cm. On CT scans, a diameter of over 2.5 cm is considered abnormally dilated. The surface area of the human small intestinal mucosa, due to enlargement caused by folds, villi and microvilli, averages 30 square meters. The small intestine is divided into three structural parts. The jejunum and ileum are suspended in the abdominal cavity by mesentery. The mesentery is part of the peritoneum. Arteries, veins, lymph vessels and nerves travel within the mesentery. The small intestine receives a blood supply from the coeliac trunk and the superior mesenteric artery. These are
James Mattis is sworn in as defense secretary, pledges to build alliances (Jason Aldag,Dan Lamothe/The Washington Post) Retired Marine Gen. James N. Mattis was confirmed and sworn in as President Trump’s defense secretary Friday, breaking with decades of precedent as a recently retired general became the Pentagon’s top civilian leader.
Viktor Reznov Viktor Reznov is a central protagonist in Call of Duty: World at War and Call of Duty: Black Ops. He is voiced by Gary Oldman. Reznov first appeared in World at War, as a Sergeant in the Red Army. He appeared throughout World at War 's Russian campaign as a compatriot of the player-controlled Dimitri Petrenko.
During the early years of the Cold War from 1946 to 1958, the United States tested 67 nuclear weapons at its Pacific Proving Grounds located in the Marshall Islands, including the largest atmospheric nuclear test ever conducted by the U.S., code named Castle Bravo. "The bombs had a total yield of 108,496 kilotons, over 7,200 times more powerful than the atomic weapons used during World War II." With the 1952 test of the first U.S. hydrogen bomb, code named "Ivy Mike," the island of Elugelab in the Enewetak atoll was destroyed. In 1956, the United States Atomic Energy Commission regarded the Marshall Islands as "by far the most contaminated place in the world."
I want to learn how to read sheet music for guitar Hi All,

I hope this hasn't been ask before in here, I googled and found this app:





But I can't get it to stay on the treeble cleff only. Is there anything else to learn with a similar mechanic but focused on guitar? Maybe something that will also show the notes on the neck..


Or should I just get some sheet music and try to play? What would you recommend (in increasing order of difficulty would be better).

EDIT: All I know is the acronyms FACE and Every Good Boy Does Fine.
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
General Counsel  in  Atlanta, Georgia  Salary Atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia, with an estimated 2015 population of 463,878. Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area, home to 5,710,795 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County.
Circuit List (locations)
Senses like smell, taste, and sound can be tied to memories. It's exactly the same thing as you recognizing the smell of fresh baked cookies or the smell of peanut butter. The smell of a house is a combination of many smells such as cleaning agents, detergents, flowers, candles, whatever is around- and all of those smells together simply register in your brain as one smell: "parents house" Memories that involve the senses often run through the limbic system in the brain, which is known for regulating emotions. The smell of your parents house may instantly have a calming or loving effect on you. There you go! Your brain is an amazing thing.  When you're around a smell for a long time you get acclimated to it, and your brain begins to ignore the smell. After you've been away a while, your brain notices it again. That's why you didn't really notice until you moved out
Lax Distributive Laws for Topology, I
How did Pakistan get independence? Abekhan 12 Contributions How did Pakistan get independence? It asked Britain for Independence, which is was a day before India. Malik 61 Contributions From whom did Pakistan gain independence from? British and India What is the importance of Independence Day in Pakistan?14th August has great importance in the history of Pakistan because Muslims of subcontinent got freedom from the double yok of British rule and Hindu domination. Pkistan appear …Shah4u777 7 Contributions When is Pakistans independence? Pakistan's Independence Is On August 14!Akfara Faruq Ahmad 7,952 Contributions Life continues. Be honest. Be loyal. Be helpful !What did Pakistan do after independence? Just after Independence Pakistan did many things, it had toestablish its Government, parliament, law and order. Then graduallystarted ,big reforms. Agrarian reform, canalizati …Akfara Faruq Ahmad 7,952 Contributions Life continues. Be honest. Be loyal. Be helpful !Role of students in independence of Pakistan? Very minor role. It was in 1947 Partition and Independence tookplace. So few numbers went to collages and univs. It was costly andcollages scare. Well, if one talks about, in …Nimra Amjad 2 Contributions After independence what problems faced Pakistan? We had a hard time printing money ( I think) We had not enough money, water and food. When was the first war of independence in Pakistan?1857Ahmad Salman 191 Contributions When is the day of independence in Pakistan? Independence day of Pakistan is 14th August. When did Pakistan become independence?14 august Lalithgeorge 33,322 Contributions Who was the British viceroy of Pakistan after independence? There was no separate viceroy for Pakistan and one for India. As both were one country then. But the last viceroy of India was Lord Mountbatten. How did Pathanistan achieve independence from Pakistan? They never did. 
- Memoir, autobiography, biography. A memoir is a special kind of autobiography, usually involving a public portion of the author’s life as it relates to a person, historic event, or thing. The text is about the personal knowledge and/or experiences of the author.
Test Marketing 1 8. 3. Controlled test marketing: A panel of stores carries new product for a fee. Specific number of stores and geographic location. Controlled shelf position; number of facings, Sales are measured at check out. A sample of consumers interviewed later to give their impression of the product.est Marketing. 1  1. PRESENTEDBY: Anil mundra; roll no. 11 Atul Kumar ;roll no. 15. 2  2. 3  INTRODUCTION: An experimental procedure that provides an opportunity to test a new product or a new marketing plan under realistic market conditions.
Eventually those cells can't replicate and repair your body anymore. The Hayflick limit is the maximum number of times a cell can divide before it finally stops. It is likely caused by special strands at the end of DNA called telomeres. These get shorter every time the cell divides until they finally run out. Cancer cells are unique because they have a special enzyme called telomerase which keeps the telomeres from getting shorter. These cells are "immortal." The most famous immortal cell line came from a woman named Henrietta Lacks. She died of cancer in 1951, but her cancer cells kept replicating. Thy were cultivated to be used for medical research, and they are still going strong decades later. These cells attracted a lot of controversy because even though they allowed scientists to develop many medical advances, the original scientists never got permission from her family to use them. They eventually came to an agreement in 2013.
- Location. On top of experience, location influences salaries for lawyers. In Washington, D.C., lawyers make 30 percent more per year than the national average. For a first-year associate at a large law firm, this can mean a starting salary of $140,075 to $171,600 a year.First-year associates in Irvine, Calif., also earn higher salaries than most, averaging almost 25 percent more per year.n Washington, D.C., lawyers make 30 percent more per year than the national average. For a first-year associate at a large law firm, this can mean a starting salary of $140,075 to $171,600 a year.
Megan Fox Megan Denise Fox ( born May 16 , 1986 ) is an American actress and model . She began her acting career in 2001 , with several minor television and film roles , and played a regular role on the Hope & Faith television sitcom . In 2004 , she made her film debut with a role in the teen comedy Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen . In 2007 , she co-starred as Mikaela Banes , the love interest of Shia LaBeouf 's character , in the blockbuster action film Transformers , which became her breakout role . Fox reprised her role in the 2009 sequel , Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen . Later in 2009 , she starred as the eponymous lead in the black comedy horror film Jennifer 's Body .   Fox is also considered one of the modern female sex symbols and has appeared in magazines such as Maxim , Rolling Stone and FHM .
Biosphere 2 Biosphere 2. Biosphere 2 is an Earth systems science research facility located in Oracle, Arizona. It has been owned by the University of Arizona since 2011. Its mission is to serve as a center for research, outreach, teaching, and lifelong learning about Earth, its living systems, and its place in the universe.
- For many Accountants in Houston, extensive experience does not lead to significantly more money. Salaries for the relatively untried average out to around $50K, but survey participants with five to 10 years of experience earn a significantly higher median of $55K. Accountants in Houston, Texas claiming one to two decades of experience make an estimated median of $56K. As Accountants in Houston reach more than two decades on the job, compensation remains commensurate with experience; the average pay in this group is $58K.
How Much Do Catholic Priests Get Paid? Related Articles1Catholic Priest Requirements2How Much Money Do Missionaries Make?3How Does a Catholic Priest Become a Monsignor?4How Much Money Do Trash Men Get Paid? Catholic priests feel called by God to a lead a life of faith, prayer and service to others. Money is at the bottom of their list of motivators. Despite having up to eight years of postsecondary education and a master’s degree, Catholic priests earn far less than those with a similar educational background. Catholic priests remain single, so it is easier for them to make ends meet on a modest salary with added compensation, such as allowances for food and transportation. Job Description The priesthood is considered a calling because it requires unshakable faith and complete devotion to doing God’s work. Salary is not commensurate with hours worked on the job. Priests must be prepared to assist the sick, injured and dying, all hours of the day and night, in harsh weather conditions. There is no overtime. Catholic priests devote their life to prayer, bible study and helping Christians stay on the road to heaven. Saying mass on Sunday and during the week is only one of many duties of a Catholic priest. A carefully planned day of giving communion to shut-ins, hearing confessions, discussing marriage with an engaged couple or teaching catechism can be upended by an emergency, such as a dying cancer patient requesting last rites. Priests are even busier during sacred times of the year, such as Lent when priests have added responsibilities for holding services and delivering timely sermons. Education Requirements If you apply to be a Catholic priest and are blessed to be accepted, you will receive an excellent education without cost to you. Priestly formation takes place in the seminary where students ultimately decide if this is what they want to do with the rest of their lives. Admission to the seminary varies according to the diocese. Typical eligibility criteria include being between the ages of 17-to-55, financial stability, multiple references, clearing backgrounds checks and passing a physical and psychological examination. Life in the seminary consists of daily prayer, meditation and self-reflection. Rigorous classes, workshops and seminars are provided to help priests develop as spiritual leaders. In addition to the religious study, Catholics priests learn Latin and Greek while pursuing a master’s degree. They also practice pastoral work under the guidance of an experienced priest. Seminarians without a college degree spend eight years in training. Those with a college degree spend six years in seminary, and typically major in theology or philosophy in college. Where They Work Years of Experience Newly ordained priests earn approximately $25,000 per year as reported in 2017 by Georgetown University. Entry-level salaries were highest in the Midwest where priests received $29,856 starting out, with the potential to earn up to $44,417 if they remained in that part of the country. Because there is a shortage of priests, it is not uncommon for priests to be given a lot of responsibility right out of the seminary. With experience, they gain confidence, converts and regular followers who rely on them for spiritual guidance. Leadership opportunities exist within the church hierarchy. For example, a priest may become a monsignor, bishop, cardinal or even a pope. Salary and Job Information A study conducted by Georgetown University and released in 2017, indicated the mean average salary for priests is $45.593 per year, including taxable income. Priests must report taxable income, such as salary bonuses and allowances for living expenses, which can equal 20 percent of earned salary. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median annual salary for clergy is $45,740. Median income is the midpoint, meaning the top half of wage earners made more, and the bottom half made less. BLS lumps Catholic priests with other denominations of clergy who have higher earning power. For example, the GU study indicated that male Episcopa
Normally to determine if you get a phone call through while using the app so they can handle it appropriately in their app. I'm assuming it's the same with media (i.e. you have music playing when you open the app). This is what I saw written in the BBC iPlayer app description however it has since been removed suggesting there may be new mechanisms to detect such situations.
Overwhelmingly police officers use non-violent and non-lethal weapons to control situations. You just don't hear about these because its not too interesting--its pretty rare to use lethal force. How many news reports do you hear of a police officer calmly diffusing a situation, or using a taser or just grabbing a person? Not too often
- I've heard and read that scissor jacks should not be used to change tires on cars because they're dangerous.Yet besides at a shop I've only seen people use scissor jacks and I've changed tires with scissor jacks...I'm looking to buy a jack and wondering what's a good affordable one for the car.Picture of a Scissor Jack for those who don't know: (\ /) (. .) c('')('') ☆♠$☆.'ve heard and read that scissor jacks should not be used to change tires on cars because they're dangerous.
Push JSON Objects to array in localStorage
help with phone wiwhich ones are "tip" & "ring"?
Orbax What are the possible side effects of Orbax: Stop giving the medication and seek emergency veterinary medical attention if your pet experiences an allergic reaction (difficulty breathing; closing of the throat; swelling of the lips, tongue, or face; or hives). Other less serious side effects may also occur.
Sociologist Rodney Stark states that Jehovah's Witness leaders are "not always very democratic" and that members "are expected to conform to rather strict standards," but adds that "enforcement tends to be very informal, sustained by the close bonds of friendship within the group", and that Jehovah's Witnesses see themselves as "part of the power structure rather than subject to it." Sociologist Andrew Holden states that most members who join millenarian movements such as Jehovah's Witnesses have made an informed choice. However, he also states that defectors "are seldom allowed a dignified exit", and describes the administration as autocratic.
Winterize Your Pond Winterize Your Pond Written by Barry W. Smith, Certified Fisheries Biologist Published: 03 February 2011Most of us do not think about our ponds during the winter. There just seems to be too many distractions; college football, deer hunting, migratory birds… all of those activities and more come to mind during the late fall and winter, but not our ponds. We are not going to think about fishing until the first week of warm weather during February or March, so, is there a potential problem with that? There are a number of activities concerning our ponds that we should consider during the fall and winter months that will enhance our spring fishing success as well as improve the esthetics of our ponds. Clear the pond dam: Late fall and winter, before the ground becomes saturated with winter rains, is an excellent time to bush-hog the backside of the dam. Ponds that are constructed properly, with a gentle slope on the back of the dam, can be safely mowed with a tractor. This will not only make the dam more esthetically pleasing, but will also eliminate those small bushes and trees that if left undisturbed will become established on the back of the dam. Dams that have been neglected will often develop trees whose roots may eventually grow into the core of the dam. This invites future problems as the trees or roots die, resulting in small leaks that can eventually become larger. Briars, bushes and thick mats of grass may create habitat for undesirable residents, such as snakes. Many older ponds, and even new ponds that are not constructed properly, will have such a steep slope on the back of the dam that it would be unsafe to mow with a tractor. In these situations, clearing brush and small trees by hand may be the best option. Piling the brush and then burning the backside of the dam is a great alternative to mowing. Be careful to follow necessary precautions before burning, so as not to create a wildfire. Burn permits are often required prior to burning, so contact your state forestry department before proceeding. Pond banks: Mowing pond banks allows for easier and safer access for anglers. Clean pond banks also decrease habitat for snakes. Although most water snakes are harmless, the fewer snakes around the pond the less likelihood of a water moccasin. None of us wants the possibility of that encounter when our kids or grandkids are roaming the pond banks. Burning is also an option to clear pond banks-- be sure to have proper fire lanes and exercise common sense in any burning effort. Always alert proper authorities and never attempt to burn even a small area alone…you can never have too much help once a fire starts. Burning, along with mowing, is best done after all of the grasses and other plants have stopped their growth, during the late fall or winter. This will result in a cleaner pond area during the spring and make bank fishing much easier. Piers: This is a good time to inspect your piers and replace any rotten boards so you will be ready for the first spring fishing trip. Weathered boards will often crack and splinter, creating potential problems for anglers of all ages. It seems easier to concentrate on these types of maintenance and repairs during the winter rather than on a fishing trip when the fish are really biting. Be prepared, and carry the necessary tools and replacement boards to get your pier in safe repair for the first outing of the spring. Feeders: If you are not feeding during the winter, be sure to inspect your feeder and set the timer to feed for a few seconds each day. First, inspect the feed hopper and clean out any old feed. Look for areas of potential leaks. You may notice moldy pellets that are stuck to a seam or the viewing glass. This is an indication of moisture in the hopper, and these areas should be sealed with silicone. Check the area of the feed distribution fan, sometimes feed will accumulate in the area below the fan and build up until it jams the fan. A coat hanger or long screwdriver are handy tools to dislodge the old feed and clear the fan area. Spin the fan with
The second truth is that the origin of dukkha can be known. Within the context of the four noble truths, the origin of dukkha is commonly explained as craving (Pali: tanha) conditioned by ignorance (Pali: avijja). On a deeper level, the root cause of dukkha is identified as ignorance (Pali: avijja) of the true nature of things. The third noble truth is that the complete cessation of dukkha is possible, and the fourth noble truth identifies a path to this cessation.[note 7]
Clover, Virginia Clover, Virginia Census-designated place Center of Clover in 2013Clover Show map of Virginia Show map of the USShow all Coordinates: 36°49′58″N 78°44′00″WCoordinates: 36°49′58″N 78°44′00″WCountry United States State Virginia County Halifax Area• Total 7.02 sq mi (18.18 km 2)• Land 7.01 sq mi (18.16 km 2)• Water 0.008 sq mi (0.02 km 2)Elevation 502 ft (153 m)Population ( 2010)• Total 438• Density 62/sq mi (24.1/km 2)Time zone Eastern (EST) ( UTC-5)• Summer ( DST) EDT ( UTC-4)ZIP code 24534FIPS code 51-17632GNIS feature ID 1464998Clover is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Halifax County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 census was 438. [1] Clover was an incorporated town from 1895 until 1998, when it reverted to unincorporated status. Clover was the site of a Rosenwald school. [2]Black Walnut, a historic plantation house and farm located near Clover, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. [3]Geography [ edit]Clover is in northeastern Halifax County, north of U. S. Route 360. It is 14 miles (23 km) northeast of South Boston and 24 miles (39 km) southwest of Keysville via US 360. According to the U. S. Census Bureau, the Clover CDP has a total area of 7.0 square miles (18.2 km 2 ), of which 0.01 square miles (0.02 km 2 ), or 0.11%, are water. [1] It is drained by tributaries of the Roanoke River. Notable people [ edit]J. Steven Griles (b. 1947), former United States Deputy Secretary of the Interior in the George W. Bush administration (2001–04), coal lobbyist, implicated in the Jack Abramoff scandal [4]Henrietta Lacks (1920–1951), source of the He La cell line, [5] subject of The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks (2010)Willie Lanier (b. 1945), Pro Football Hall of Fame linebacker for Kansas City Chiefs References [ edit]^ a b "Geographic Identifiers: 2010 Census Summary File 1 (G001): Clover CDP, Virginia". American Factfinder. U. S. Census Bureau. Retrieved March 21, 2018.^ "Rosenwald Schools of Virginia". Virginia#USA Center for Digital History. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 27, 2016.^ National Park Service (2010-07-09). "National Register Information System". National Register of Historic Places. National Park Service.^ "Prison Time Is Urged for Griles", Washington Post, June 16, 2007^ Smith, Van (April 17, 2002). "The Life, Death, and Life After Death of Henrietta Lacks, Unwitting Heroine of Modern Medical Science". Baltimore City Paper. Archived from the original on August 14, 2004. Retrieved 2010-01-18."Clover". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey. Retrieved February 9, 2006. Wikimedia Commons has media related to Clover, Virginia. [ hide]v t e Municipalities and communities of Halifax County, Virginia, United States County seat: Halifax Towns Halifax Scottsburg South Boston Virgilina CDPs Clover Cluster Springs Mountain Road Nathalie Riverdale Unincorporated communities Alton Crystal Hill Ingram Midway (near Buffalo Springs) Midway (near Scottsburg)Paces Vernon Hill Footnotes ‡This populated place also has portions in an adjacent county or counties 
Do you find it funny that Bob Dylan won the Noble Prize for Literature?
How many days should you work out during the week?
What is the 'Federal Poverty Level - FPL' The poverty threshold is another federal poverty measure that actually defines what poverty is and provides statistics on the number of Americans living in poverty. The data is created by the US Census Bureau which uses pre-tax income as a yardstick to measure poverty. The statistical report on poverty threshold is used by the HHS to determine the federal poverty level (FPL).
Steroid and Non-Steroid Hormones Source: Video and Images Created by Amanda Soderlind Video Chapters (00:00 - 01:10) Hormones (01:11 - 03:26) Steroid Hormones (03:27 - 05:30) Non-Steroid Hormones Video Transcription Download PDFWelcome to this lesson on steroids and non-steroid hormones. In this lesson today, we are going to be discussing the characteristics of both steroid and non-steroid hormones. So, these are the two major groups of hormones: steroid versus non-steroid. So, the difference between these two we're going to get into a little bit more depth a little bit later in this lesson. But the chemical structure between the two and the way that these hormones affect cells is a little bit different. But first of all, we're going to start talking about specifically just what a hormone is. So, hormones are substances that interact with target cells to signal the cell's activity to change. So, these are chemicals made within the body that will interact with specific types of cells, signaling that cell's activity to change in some way, depending on what the hormone is and what the cell type is. So, cell receptors are specific to the hormones they interact with. So, certain types of hormones can only affect certain types of cells. So, what this means is that not every hormone affects every type of cell. Cells have certainly receptors that will only interact with certain types of hormones. So, we're going to be filling out this little chart right here, so that you can see the differences between steroid and non-steroid hormones. So, we're going to start out by talking about steroid hormones. So, steroid hormones are one of the two classes of hormones. And these type of hormones are lipids that are made from cholesterol. So, steroid hormones are lipids that are made from cholesterol and they're produced in the adrenal glands and reproductive glands. So, an example of a steroid hormone, then, would be estrogen and testosterone. Now estrogen and testosterone are examples of steroid hormones because they're produced the reproductive glands and they're lipid-based, made from cholesterol. So, because steroid hormones are lipids made from cholesterol, they're lipid soluble. So, what this means is that they can move through the plasma membrane easily. And because they're allowed to move through the plasma membrane, they will then move through the cell and bind with receptors that are on the nucleus of that cell. So, in this way, they can interact with the cell's DNA. So they'll bind to these receptors that are on the nucleus and this will allow them to affect the behavior of the DNA. So they can turn genes and DNA on or off, which controls protein-making mechanisms and can affect the target cell's function. So, steroid hormones interact with cell's DNA by binding to receptors on the nucleus. So, again, they're allowed to travel past the plasma membrane because of their structure and they'll bind to receptors on the nucleus. And then, in that way, that is how they will then affect the target cell. Non-steroid hormones are our other class of hormones. So, non-steroid hormones are a little bit different in their structure and how they interact with their target cells. So, non-steroid hormones are derived from proteins. So, because they are derived from proteins, they are water soluble and therefore they cannot enter the cell. They cannot pass through the cell's plasma membrane because they're water soluble. So, what's going to happen, in this case, with non-steroid hormones, is that they're going to bind to receptors in the target cell's plasma membrane. OK. So, when we talked about steroid hormones, we talked about how they're going to bind to receptors on the nucleus. Non-steroid hormones are going to bind to receptors in the target cell's plasma membrane. Because again, they're not able to pass through the plasma membrane. So, then what has to happen is something called a second messenger. Something called a second messenger will then relay the information to the interior of the cell. So, non-steroid hormones will bind with these
How to load a PUMA robot in the existing environment in OpenRAVE 0.9
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
What are some creative uses of Evernote?
How is the Information Systems Program at University of Calgary?
Psych (season 6) The sixth season of Psych, consisting of 16 episodes, premiered on the USA Network in the United States on October 12, 2011 and continued to air until April 11, 2012. James Roday, Dulé Hill, Timothy Omundson, Maggie Lawson, Corbin Bernsen and Kirsten Nelson all reprised their roles as the main characters.
as boring as the answer I'm about to give is, it most often just comes down to "Because that's how the specific website handles things".  Url's are man designed for a specific purpose. Wikipedia has most of its urls descriptive of the content of the page, because they don't need a lot of information being passed around. other have a lot of data that needs to be passed into the url and while they could have it in plain text it is often more efficient to encode it to shorten the string a bit. The url might also be dynamically created (say, YouTube video identifiers) in which case base 64 encoding is better for compactness sake than a long base 10 number or some human-readable string. When you're designing a website you can design the url to be nearly whatever best fits your purpose.
Financial and Business Development BUSINESSAs a business or organization, growth and development is paramount. We can help your business or non-profit manage, develop, market, and grow. FINANCIALFinancial management is our specialty. Consulting, bookkeeping, investing, accounting, or just simple advice - we do it all. WEB & EMAILA professionally developed website is a must in today's business climate; so is email marketing. We can help you with both. PRODUCTSWe offer a variety of products related to our services including apps, research, member services, publications, and video tutorials. Epsilon is a Financial and Business Development Firm Check out our services, proficiencies, and capabilities and contact us anytime. CONTACT USOur Capabilities Financial Consulting & Accounting 95% 95%Professional Networking 90% 90%Investor Relations & Business Analysis 80% 80%Web Development & Hosting 85% 85%Business Development, Management, & Administration 95% 95%Policy Advocacy & Government Relations 80% 80%Our Proficiencies Quick Books 95% 95%Productivity Software & Technologies 90% 90%Adobe Creative Suite 80% 80%Wordpress 95% 95%Email & Internet Marketing 85% 85%SEO & Analytics 75% 75%NEWS LETTER Stay up to date with the latest news from Epsilon. Sign up today!SIGN UP 
Most websites have two names for their website: _URL_1_ and _URL_0_. But these aren't the same name, so there's no reason they *have* to go to the same place. If you don't set up both, then only one will work.
Working under what I consider to be the safe assumption that you mean Armada rather than Amanda, I point out for clarification that the Armada took place after (and, I think it's safe to say, largely due to) the death of Mary and ascension of Elizabeth, who was religiously and politically much less friendly to Spain.
Oddly enough, no. He is writing a history that happens to be about himself so he must write in the third person. It's a style of history that was used in Antiquity. The best example of this is in The History of the Peloponnesian War by Thucydides. Thucydides was a part of the war and references himself in the first line:  > Thucydides, an Athenian, wrote the history of the war between the Peloponnesians and the Athenians, beginning at the moment that it broke out, and believing that it would be a great war and more worthy of relation than any that had preceded it.  In Book Four: >  The Mitylenians upon this took courage, and laid aside the idea of treating with the Athenians; and now this winter ended, and with it ended the fourth year of the war of which Thucydides was the historian.  So it isn't so much being arrogant, it's more of a style of writing history that is rather alien to us.
Absalom and Achitophel advice of the double agent Hushai over the good advice of Achitophel. Achitophel, realising that the rebellion is doomed to failure, goes home and hangs himself. Absalom is killed (against David's explicit commands) after getting caught by his hair in the thick branches of a great oak tree: "His head caught fast in the oak, and he was left hanging between heaven and earth, while the mule that was under him went on" (NRSV 2 Sam. 18:9). The death of his son, Absalom, causes David enormous personal grief. A second allegory in the poem, beginning on line 425, is the
standard temperature and pressure (STP) Standard temperature and pressure, abbreviated STP, refers to nominal conditions in the atmosphere at sea level. This value is important to physicists, chemists, engineers, and pilots and navigators. Standard temperature is defined as zero degrees Celsius (0 0 C), which translates to 32 degrees Fahrenheit (32 0 F) or 273.15 degrees kelvin (273.15 0 K). This is essentially the freezing point of pure water at sea level, in air at standard pressure. Standard pressure supports 760 millimeters in a mercurial barometer (760 mm Hg). This is about 29.9 inches of mercury, and represents approximately 14.7 pounds per inch (14.7 lb/in 2 ). Imagine a column of air measuring one inch square, extending straight up into space beyond the atmosphere. The air in such a column would weigh about 14.7 pounds. The density of air at STP is approximately 1.29 kilogram per meter cubed (1.29 kg/m 3 ). This fact comes as a surprise to many people; a cubic meter of air weighs nearly three pounds!See also: SI (International System of Units), specific gravity. This was last updated in June 2015Continue Reading About standard temperature and pressure (STP)STP -- standard temperature and pressure Related Terms Comp TIA Project+Comp TIA Project + is the Computing Technology Industry Association’s certification program designed to demonstrate validated ... See complete definition National Security Agency (NSA)The National Security Agency is the official U. S. cryptologic organization of the United States Intelligence Community under the ... See complete definitiontransport layer Positioned at Layer 4 of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) communications model, the transport layer ensures the reliable ... See complete definition 
Lower interest rates encouraged borrowing. From 2000 to 2003, the Federal Reserve lowered the federal funds rate target from 6.5% to 1.0%. This was done to soften the effects of the collapse of the dot-com bubble and the September 2001 terrorist attacks, as well as to combat a perceived risk of deflation. As early as 2002 it was apparent that credit was fueling housing instead of business investment as some economists went so far as to advocate that the Fed "needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble". Moreover, empirical studies using data from advanced countries show that excessive credit growth contributed greatly to the severity of the crisis.
The British Architectural Library, sometimes referred to as the RIBA Library, was established in 1834 upon the founding of the institute with donations from members. Now, with over four million items, it is one of the three largest architectural libraries in the world and the largest in Europe. Some items from the collections are on permanent display at the Victoria and Albert Museum (V&A) in the V&A + RIBA Architecture Gallery and included in temporary exhibitions at the RIBA and across Europe and North America. Its collections include:
Heart Rate and Fitness Testing Home > Fitness Testing > Resources > Heart Rate > Testing Heart Rate and Fitness Testing Heart rate is a very important measurement in many fitness tests and in exercise science research. In some tests heart rate is a critical component of the test, and other times it is optional and provides additional information helpful in the interpretation of results. Heart Rate Measurement Method During Testing You can simply measure heart rate using the manual palpation method, e.g. taking your pulse. The advantages of this method is that you can do it yourself, but it is not easily done during exercise and is generally less accurate than other methods. The Heart Rate Monitor is the most common device for measuring heart rate during fitness testing, as it is accurate, simple to use and relatively cheap. Another method is to use ECG / EEG Devices, which are more expensive, more difficult to set up and not suitable for all forms of exercise (units are not usually portable). However, the ECG is generally more accurate and can provide additional information that may be required. Whatever the method used, they all provide challenges with the movement of exercise. See more on Heart Rate Measurement. Measuring Max Heart Rate If a test requires a maximum heart rate level, this often occurs at the peak of exercise, or in the few seconds afterwards. ECG devices measure heart rate beat by beat, so max heart rate can be read off the ecg trace at that point. The heart rate monitors usually average over at least a few seconds, with the record and review function on heart rate monitors useful for recalling the maximum heart rate value after exercise. Manually taking your pulse would not be appropriate for measuring max heart rate as you need to take a reading over at least 10 seconds, and during this time the heart rate can change rapidly. See more on Max heart Rate and Heart Rate Monitor Features. Test Examples Maximal Aerobic Fitness Tests Many aerobic fitness tests require the measurement of heart rate during at test or during recovery. In maximal aerobic exercise tests such as beep test and VO 2max test, a heart rate monitor can be used to help determine if the athlete has actually reached their max. The maximum heart rate can be compared to the predicted max heart rate or a max heart rate measurement from previous testing. In the VO 2max test, the athlete is considered to have reached their true VO 2max if several of the following occurred: a plateau or 'peaking over' in oxygen uptake, maximal heart rate was reached, attainment of a respiratory exchange ratio of 1.15 or greater, and volitional exhaustion. Another maximal exercise test, The Conconi Test, is a simplified Lactate Threshold test, in which heart rate measurements are taken rather than blood lactate, and the analysis is done by observing a deflection point on the heart rate / workload graph. Submaximal Aerobic Fitness Tests Heart rate measurements are also used in many sub-maximal aerobic fitness tests, such as these step tests: Queens College Step Test Chester Step Testand these cycle tests: Astrand Cycle Test. Tri-level Aerobic Test PWC 170and more tests: Swimming Step Test Share: Facebook Twitter Google+Related Pages Heart Rate Variability (HRV) Test All about Heart Rate and Exercise Resting Heart Rate — are you rested and recovered? Exercise Heart Rate — a measure of intensity and fitness. Maximum Heart Rate — how high can you go? See also Heart Rate Monitors - how they work. Related Products Heart Rate Monitors for sale, also ECG Devices Sorry, the browser you are using is not currently supported. Disqus actively supports the following browsers: Firefox Chrome Internet Explorer 11+Safari 
Andrew Videto Andrew Videto (also known as Toggsy) is the Australian creator of "TheWebShow", an online show about people from around the world sharing their stories in chasing dreams. The show is self made from arranging interviews, filming, editing and uploading online. Some of the people featured so far include Olivia Newton-John, Little Steven Van Zandt, James Woods, Rosario Dawson, Wade Robson, Roy Jones Jr, Joanna Krupa, and Bill Paxton.
How much do concert photographers make? The average salary for concert photography jobs is $49,000. Average concert photography salaries can vary greatly due to company, location, industry, experience and benefits. Anyway here Finally how much you can learn how make some extra cash (if you have free time). I hope I have helped. Written May 10, 2015 · View Upvotes.
There are three types of irony:  & #x200B; Verbal irony: basically speaking sarcastically. Saying something that will be understood as something differently than what the words literally mean.  & #x200B; Dramatic irony: occurs in movies, books and plays, when the audience is aware of something which the characters are not aware of.  & #x200B; Situational irony: when the opposite of what is expected/meant to happen, happens.  & #x200B; P.S. People have gotten really bad about distinguishing between situational irony, coincidence and bad luck
Wyatt Earp Wyatt Berry Stapp Earp ( March 19 , 1848 -- January 13 , 1929 ) was an American Old West gambler , a deputy sheriff in Pima County , and deputy town marshal in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , who took part in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , during which lawmen killed three outlaw cowboys . He is often regarded as the central figure in the shootout in Tombstone , although his brother Virgil was Tombstone city marshal and Deputy U.S. Marshal that day , and had far more experience as a sheriff , constable , marshal , and soldier in combat .   Earp lived a restless life . He was at different times a constable , city policeman , county sheriff , Deputy U.S. Marshal , teamster , buffalo hunter , bouncer , saloon-keeper , gambler , brothel keeper , miner , and boxing referee . Earp spent his early life in Iowa . In 1870 , Earp married his first wife , Urilla Sutherland Earp , who contracted typhoid fever and died shortly before their first child was to be born . During the next two years Earp was arrested for stealing a horse , escaped from jail , sued twice , and was arrested and fined three times during the course of 1872 for `` keeping and being found in a house of ill-fame '' . His third arrest was subject of a lengthy account in the `` Daily Transcript '' which referred to him as an `` old offender '' and nicknamed him the `` Peoria Bummer '' .   By 1874 he had arrived in the cattle boomtown of Wichita , Kansas where his brother had opened a brothel . On April 21 , 1875 he was appointed to the Wichita police force , and developed a solid reputation as a lawman . In April 1876 he was dismissed from his position as a lawman following an altercation with a political opponent of his boss which led to him being fined $ 30 . In 1876 , he followed his brother James to Dodge City , Kansas , where he became an assistant city marshal . In winter 1878 , he went to Texas to track down an outlaw and met John `` Doc '' Holliday , whom Earp later credited with saving his life .   Earp moved constantly throughout his life from one boomtown to another . He left Dodge City in 1879 and moved to Tombstone with his brothers James and Virgil , where a silver boom was underway . There , the Earps clashed with a loose federation of outlaws known as the Cowboys . Wyatt , Virgil , and their younger brother Morgan held various law enforcement positions that put them in conflict with Tom and Frank McLaury , and Ike and Billy Clanton , who threatened on several occasions to kill the Earps . The conflict escalated over the next year , culminating on October 26 , 1881 in the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , in which the Earps and Holliday killed three of the Cowboys . In the next five months , Virgil was ambushed and maimed , and Morgan was assassinated . Pursuing a vendetta , Wyatt , his brother Warren , Holliday , and others formed a federal posse that killed three of the Cowboys whom they thought responsible . Wyatt was never wounded in any of the gunfights in which he took part , unlike his brothers Virgil and James , or his friend , Doc Holliday , which only added to his mystique after his death .   Earp was a lifelong gambler and was always looking for a quick way to make money . After leaving Tombstone , Earp went to San Francisco where he reunited with Josephine Earp . She became his common-law wife . They joined a gold rush to Eagle City , Idaho , where they owned mining interests and a saloon . They left there to race horses and open a saloon during a real estate boom in San Diego , California . Back in San Francisco , Wyatt raced horses again , but his reputation suffered irreparably when he refereed the Fitzsimmons-Sharkey boxing match and called a foul that led many to believe that he fixed the fight . They moved briefly to Yuma , Arizona before joining the Nome Gold Rush in 1899 . In partnership with Charlie Hoxie they opened a two-story saloon called the Dexter and made an estimated $ 80,000 ( about $ 2 million in 2017 dollars ) . Returning to the lower 48 , they opened another saloon in Tonopah , Nevada , the site of a new gold
Roads (album) Roads is the debut studio album by American recording artist Chris Mann, released on October 30, 2012, by Universal Republic. Mann participated in the season two of the singing reality show "The Voice", ultimately placing fourth, but being the first of the second season to release an album. The album was produced by Keith Thomas, Marco Marinangeli, Marius de Vries, Walter Afanasieff and others.
The Best 10 Exercises To Relieve Lower Back Pain Health Updated: January 19, 2018The Best 10 Exercises To Relieve Lower Back Pain Lorna Balfour Lorna Balfour is a personal trainer and lifestyle coach based in London. She is passionate about people taking charge of their own well being and health. Full Bio Most people will experience lower back pain at some point in their life, it is very common. In the old days bed rest was prescribed if your back was ‘playing-up’, whereas today it is recommended to keep exercising. Of course the exercises you do have to be appropriate, we are not suggesting to go for a run or lift heavy weights, that would be stupid. However, there are some great exercises you can do which should help alleviate lower back pain. These exercises are extremely gentle, but of course, listen to your body and stop if you experience any pain. The exercises work by stretching out muscles that are normally tight when you have lower back pain and strengthening muscles which tend to be weak. Of course, there are many reasons for having lower back pain, so it makes sense to get checked out by a physical therapist. Make sure you warm-up your muscles before you stretch them. You should never bounce during stretching, and all stretches should be slow and gradual. Avoid over-stretching, stretch your muscles until you feel a slight stretch only, and hold each stretch for 20-30 seconds.1. Lower Tummy Strengthening It is important to strengthen your lower tummy muscles because these muscles work in partnership with the lower back. This means if the lower tummy muscles are weak the lower back can tighten up, which can lead to lower back pain. A great exercise for the lower tummy muscles is shown in the image below. It is extremely gentle and also very effective. Lie on your back with knees bent and feet flat on the floor. Breathe in and as you breathe out bring one knee in towards your chest and as you breathe in return the foot to the floor. Repeat this exercise six to eight times on each leg.source: www.webmd.com2. Deep Abdominal Strengthening A very important muscle to strengthen is the transverse abdominis, which provides a great deal of support for the lower back. In many people this muscle is extremely weak and this can lead to lower back pain. A very gentle and safe way to strengthen this muscle is shown below. To carry out this exercise lie on your back, place a small cushion under your head, and bend your knees. Your feet should be hip distance apart and placed on the floor. Keep your upper body relaxed and your chin gently tucked in. Take a deep breath in, and as you breathe out focus on drawing your belly button in towards your spine. Hold this gentle contraction for 5 to 10 seconds. As you breathe out relax your tummy muscles. This is a slow, gentle tightening so aim to use less than 25% of your maximum strength. Repeat five times. Source: www.nhs.uk3 Bird Dog Mobilising your lower back is important to aid it’s recovery. The bird dog exercise is shown in the image below and is great for mobilising the lower back. To carry out this exercise get onto all fours, make sure your hands are directly under your shoulders, and knees directly under your hips. Your spine is in a neutral position and you need to keep your head in line with your spine. Take a deep breath in and as you breathe out extend one leg and the opposite arm to inline with your spine. You need to keep your spine in a neutral position at all times, so don’t let your lower back sag down. Hold for 5-10 seconds and as you breathe out lower both your leg and arm to the ground. Repeat this exercise eight to twelve times alternating sides. Source: www.popsugar.com4 Bridge Another great exercise for mobilising the lower back is the bridge, as shown in the image below. To carry out this exercise lie on your back with knees bent and your feet placed hip distance apart on the floor. Take a deep breath in and as you breathe out lift your hips off the floor until shoulders hips and knees are in a straight line. As you breathe in lower your hips to the floor. Repe
Cisco ISE Tutorial â Identity Services Engine Cisco ISE Tutorial – Identity Services Engine The first question I am going to answer is in this Cisco ISE Tutorial is “ What is Cisco ISE and what does Cisco ISE do? What is Cisco ISE? Cisco Identity Services Engine (ISE) is a server based product, either a Cisco ISE appliance or Virtual Machine that enables the creation and enforcement of access polices for endpoint devices connected to a companies network. What can you do with Cisco ISE? In simple terms you can control who can access your network and when they do what they can get access to. It can authenticate wired, wireless and vpn users and can scale to millions of endpoints. Based on many factors including the validity of a certificate, mac address or device profiling you can identify a machine and determine which vlan that machine is placed into. Any devices that do not pass authorisation will be placed into a guest vlan or denied access to the network. All this information is logged and you can instantly get a view of what is connected to your network at any time. ISE Nodes The ISE solution is made up of a deployment of nodes with three different personas: Policy Administration Node (PAN)Monitoring Node (Mn T)Policy Services Node (PAN)px Grid Depending on the size of your deployment all three personas can be run on the same device or spread across multiple devices for redundancy and scalability. Lets go through each persona and explain their function. Policy Administration Node (PAN)The Policy Administration Node is where the administrator logs into to configure policies and make changes to the entire ISE system. Once configured on the PAN the changes are pushed out to the policy services nodes. It handles all system related configurations and can be configured as standalone, primary or secondary. Monitoring Node (Mn T)The Monitoring Node is where all the logs are collected and where report generation occurs. Every event that occurs within the ISE topology is logged to the monitoring node you can then generate reports showing the current status of connected devices and unknown devices on your network. Policy Services Node (PSN)The Policy Services Node is the contact point into the network. Each switch is configured to query a radius server to get the policy decision to apply to the network port the radius server is the PSN. In larger deployments you use multiple PSN’s to spread the load of all the network requests. The PSN provides network access, posture, guest access, client provisioning, and profiling services. There must be at least one PSN in a distributed setup.px Grid Node The px Grid framework is used to exchange context-sensitive information from the CISCO ISE session directory. It allows the ISE system to pass data to other Cisco platforms and third party vendors. This information can then be used to invoke actions to quarantine users or block access in response to network security events. ISE Hardware The Cisco Secure Network Server is based on the Cisco UCS C220 Rack Server and is configured specifically to support the Cisco Identity Services Engine. Note: The 3415 and 3495 secure network servers are now end of life (eol) and the last date for order for these appliances was October 7 2016. This post will be covering the latest hardware now available which is the 3515 and the 3595 – the 3595 appliance is shown below. Secure Network Server 3595There are two versions of the hardware: Secure Network Server 3515 (For small and medium sized deployments)Secure Network Server 3595 (For large deployments – includes redundant hard disks and power supplies)Hardware details taken from cisco data sheet Product Name Secure Network Server 3515 Secure Network Server 3595Processor 1 – Intel Xeon 2.40 GHz E5-2620 1 – Intel Xeon 2.60 GHz E5-2640Cores per Processor 6 8Memory 16 GB (2 x 8 GB) 64 GB (4 x 16 GB)Hard Disk 1 - 2.5-in. 600-GB 6Gb SAS 10K RPM 4 - 2.5-in. 600-GB 6Gb SAS 10K RPMHardware RAID No Level 10 Cisco 12G SAS Modular RAID Controller Network Interfaces 6 x 1GB 6 x 1GBPower Supplies 1 x 770W 2 x 770WEndpoints 
What is the correct way of writing two MSc degrees on a business card? If someone would have obtained two MSc degrees, how do you put that on a business card?

I myself have two MSc degrees from a Dutch university. The degrees are Computer Science which gives me the Dutch title ir, and Science Communication which gives the Dutch title drs. Both degrees are internationally an MSc (as indicated on my diplomas). I know that in Holland I can use the following:


drs. ir. John Doe


Since the Dutch titles are confusing in international use (especially the drs part), I would like to use the international format on my business card. For one MSc I know that it is written internationally like this:


John Doe, MSc


However, how is the international format for two MSc degrees?
Japan Geography Print this map Print this map The archipelago of Japan contains over 4,000 islands stretching along the Pacific coast of East Asia, with four major islands (sometimes referred to as the "Home Islands"): Hokkaido, Honshu, Kyushu and Shikoku. Honshu is the main island of Japan, and largest at 810 miles (1,300 km) in length. Dominated by mountains and volcanoes, the massive earthquake of March 2011 moved Honshu 7.9 ft (2.4 m). The second largest, Hokkaido, is also the northernmost of Japan's islands; while on the other end, Kyushu is the most southwesterly. Shikoku is the smallest and least populous of the four main islands. A long ridge of rugged mountains runs through the heart of Japan, punctuated by steep tree-lined slopes, and deep valleys on the Pacific Ocean side, and lower hills and mountains along the Sea of Japan side. The main interior mountain ranges include the Akaishi, Hido and Kiso, where elevations typically exceed 9,800 ft. (3,000 m). The country's highest point, Mt. Fuji, southwest of Tokyo, is a dormant volcano that rises 12,388 ft. (3,776 m). The islands of Japan are located on the Ring of Fire, and as a result suffer from frequent, violent earthquakes and some serious volcanic activity. There are a total of 108 active volcanoes within Japan's archipelago, most of which provoke devastating earthquakes and tsunamis several times every century. A small series of plains are situated along the coastal areas. A notable number of (very short) rivers flow briskly down the mountains into the coastal areas. The largest river in Japan is the Shinano. Landforms of Asia Rivers of Asia Japan's Information Land Area 364,485 km 2Water Area 13,430 km 2Total Area 377,915km 2 (#61)Population 126,702,133 (#10)Population Density 347.62/km 2Government Type Parliamentary Constitutional Monarchy GDP (PPP) $4,930.00 Billion GDP Per Capita 38,900$Currency Yen (JPY)More Information Japan See Also Where is Japan? GDP of Japan What is the Capital of Japan? List of Airports in Japan About Japan What Type Of Government Does Japan Have? What Do the Colors and Symbols of the National Flag of Japan Mean? What Languages Are Spoken In Japan? Curious About The World? What Is Geography? The Five Themes In Geography What Was the Battle of Culloden? What Was the Scramble For Africa? What are Economies of Scale? Trending on World Atlas The Most Dangerous Cities in the World The Largest Countries in the World The 10 Largest Cities in the World The 10 Smallest Countries In The World The Poorest Countries In The World What is The Commonwealth?29 Largest Armies In The World10 States With The Largest African-American Populations The Most Popular Sports in the World Japan prefectures & their capitals Region Capital Aichi Nagoya-shi Akita Akita Shi Aomori Aomori Shi Chiba Chiba Ehime Matsuyama Fukui Fukui-shi Fukuoka Fukuoka-shi Fukushima Fukushima-shi Gifu Gifu-shi Gunma Maebashi-shi Hiroshima Hiroshima-shi Hokkaido Sapporo Hyogo Kobe Ibaraki Mito-shi Ishikawa Kanazawa-shi Iwate Morioka-shi Kagawa Takamatsu-shi Kagoshima Kagoshima-shi Kanagawa Yokohama Kochi Kochi-shi Kumamoto Kumamoto Kyoto Kyoto Mie Tsu-shi Miyagi Sendai-shi Miyazaki Miyazaki-shi Nagano Nagano-shi Nagasaki Nagasaki-shi Nara Nara-shi Niigata Niigata-shi Oita Oita Okayama Okayama-shi Okinawa Naha-shi Osaka Osaka-shi Saga Saga-shi Saitama Saitama Shiga Otsu-shi Shimane Matsue-shi Shizuoka Shizuoka-shi Tochigi Utsunomiya-shi Tokushima Tokushima-shi Tokyo Tokyo Tottori Tottori Toyama Toyama-shi Wakayama Wakayama-shi Yamagata Yamagata-shi Yamaguchi Yamaguchi-shi Yamanashi Kofu-shi Countries of Asia Afghanistan | Bahrain | Bangladesh | Bhutan | Brunei | Burma (Myanmar) | Cambodia | China | East Timor |Hong Kong (territory) | India | Indonesia | Iran | Iraq | Israel | Japan | Jordan | Kazakhstan | Kuwait |Kyrgyzstan | Laos | Lebanon | Macau (territory) | Malaysia | Maldives | Mongolia | Nepal | North Korea | Oman | Pakistan | Palestinian (territories) | Philippines | Qatar | Russia | Saudi Arabia | Singapore | South Korea | Sri Lanka | Syria | Taiwan | Thailand | Tajikista
Generally speaking, when in a vehicle flying over a country, passengers can't disembark from such vehicle outside of emergencies without technically entering that country.   However, that airport did not have staff to handle immigration/customs entry at the time, so passengers could not legally leave the aircraft.
Rounding Time This formula relies, as well, on the use of the TIME worksheet function, which returns a time value (in this case, for 15 minutes). If you don't want to use the MROUND function (perhaps you don't want to use the Analysis ToolPak), there is another way you can round to the nearest 15 minutes.The clue is to remember that 15 minutes is 1/96th of a day.So to round to the nearest 15 minutes, take the time value, multiply it by 96, round it, and then divide it by 96. For example, if the time value you wish to round is in cell E5, the following formula does the rounding very nicely:he clue is to remember that 15 minutes is 1/96th of a day. So to round to the nearest 15 minutes, take the time value, multiply it by 96, round it, and then divide it by 96.
Sonny with a Chance Sonny with a Chance Sonny with a Chance is an American sitcom created by Steve Marmel which aired for two seasons on Disney Channel from February 8, 2009 to January 2, 2011. The series follows the experiences of teenager Sonny Munroe, portrayed by Demi Lovato, who becomes the newest accepted cast member of her favorite live comedy television show, "So Random!". "Sonny with a Chance" was the first Disney Channel Original Series to be shot and aired in high-definition from the beginning. Like most of Disney Channel's sitcoms, it is shot on tape but uses a "filmized" appearance. The second
Records indicate that Ancient Egyptians kept census records for tax reasons.  The oldest confirmed, recorded census was in India and the oldest surviving census comes from China about 300 BC. If I remember rightly, China also believe that they have been keeping census for four or five thousand years now.
View, manage, and install add-ins in Office programs When you enable an add-in, it adds custom commands and new features to Office programs that help increase your productivity. Because add-ins can be used by hackers to do malicious harm to your computer, you can use add-in security settings to change their behavior.2016, 2013, 2010 2007Click a heading below for more information. Enable an add-in Permanently disable or remove an add-in View or change add-in settings Add-in settings explained View installed add-ins Add-in categories explained Manage and install add-ins How to cancel a purchased add-in Why is my add-in crashing? See also Get an Office Add-in for Excel Get an Office Add-in for Outlook Get an Office Add-in for Power Point Get an Office Add-in for Project Get an Office Add-in for Word 
Sodium acetate Sodium acetate From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about sodium acetate. For other uses of hot ice, see Hot ice (disambiguation). Sodium acetate Names IUPAC name Sodium acetate Systematic IUPAC name Sodium ethanoate Other names Hot ice (sodium acetate trihydrate)Identifiers CAS Number127‑09‑36131‑90‑4 (trihydrate)3D model ( JSmol)Interactive image Ch EBICHEBI:32954Ch EMBLCh EMBL1354Chem Spider29105ECHA Info Card 100.004.386EC Number 204-823-8E number E262 (preservatives)Pub Chem CID517045RTECS number AJ4300010 (anhydrous) AJ4580000UNIINVG71ZZ7P0In Ch I [show]SMILES [show]Properties Chemical formula C 2 H 3 Na O 2Molar mass 82.03 g·mol −1Appearance White deliquescent powder Odor Vinegar (acetic acid) odor when heated to decomposition [1]Density 1.528 g/cm 3 (20 °C, anhydrous) 1.45 g/cm 3 (20 °C, trihydrate) [2]Melting point 324 °C (615 °F; 597 K) (anhydrous) 58 °C (136 °F; 331 K) (trihydrate)Boiling point 881.4 °C (1,618.5 °F; 1,154.5 K) (anhydrous) 122 °C (252 °F; 395 K) (trihydrate) decomposes Solubility in water Anhydrous: 119 g/100 m L (0 °C) 123.3 g/100 m L (20 °C) 125.5 g/100 m L (30 °C) 137.2 g/100 m L (60 °C) 162.9 g/100 m L (100 °C) Trihydrate: 32.9 g/100 m L (-10 °C) 36.2 g/100 m L (0 °C) 46.4 g/100 m L (20 °C) 82 g/100 m L (50 °C) [3]Solubility Soluble in alcohol, hydrazine, SO 2 [4]Solubility in methanol16 g/100 g (15 °C) 16.55 g/100 g (67.7 °C) [4]Solubility in ethanol Trihydrate: 5.3 g/100 m LSolubility in acetone0.5 g/kg (15 °C) [4]Acidity (p K a) 24 (20 °C) [4] 4.75 CH 3COOH [5]Basicity (p K b) 9.25Magnetic susceptibility (χ) −37.6·10 −6 cm 3 /mol Refractive index ( n D) 1.464Structure Crystal structure Monoclinic Thermochemistry Specific heat capacity ( C) 100.83 J/mol·K (anhydrous) [6] 229 J/mol·K (trihydrate) [7]Std molar entropy ( S o 298) 138.1 J/mol·K (anhydrous) [6] 262 J/mol·K (trihydrate) [2]Std enthalpy of formation (Δ f H o 298) −709.32 k J/mol (anhydrous) [4] −1604 k J/mol (trihydrate) [2]Gibbs free energy (Δ f G ˚) −607.7 k J/mol (anhydrous) [4]Pharmacology ATC code B05XA08 ( WHO)Hazards Main hazards Irritant Safety data sheet External MSDSNFPA 704 11 0Flash point >250 °C (482 °F; 523 K) [5]Autoignition temperature 600 °C (1,112 °F; 873 K) [5]Lethal dose or concentration ( LD, LC ): LD 50 ( median dose) 3530 mg/kg (oral, rat)Related compounds Other anions Sodium formate Sodium propionate Other cations Potassium acetate Calcium acetate Related compounds Sodium diacetate Except where otherwise noted, data are given for materials in their standard state (at 25 °C [77 °F], 100 k Pa).verify ( what is ? )Infobox references Sodium acetate, CH 3 COONa, also abbreviated Na O Ac, [8] is the sodium salt of acetic acid. This colorless deliquescent salt has a wide range of uses. Contents [ hide ]1 Applications1.1 Industrial1.2 Concrete longevity1.3 Food1.4 Buffer solution1.5 Heating pad2 Preparation3 Reactions4 References5 External links Applications [ edit]Industrial [ edit]Sodium acetate is used in the textile industry to neutralize sulfuric acid waste streams and also as a photoresist while using aniline dyes. It is also a pickling agent in chrome tanning and helps to impede vulcanization of chloroprene in synthetic rubber production. In processing cotton for disposable cotton pads, sodium acetate is used to eliminate the buildup of static electricity. Concrete longevity [ edit]Sodium acetate is used to mitigate water damage to concrete by acting as a concrete sealant, while also being environmentally benign and cheaper than the commonly used epoxy alternative for sealing concrete against water permeation. [9]Food [ edit]Sodium acetate may be added to food as a seasoning, sometimes in the form of sodium diacetate, a one-to-one complex of sodium acetate and acetic acid, [10] given the E-number E262. It is often used to give potato chips a salt and vinegar flavor. Buffer solution [ edit]As the conjugate base of acetic acid, a solution of sodium acetate and acetic acid can act as a buffer to keep a relatively constant p H level. This is useful especially in
- Outlook for a Burn of the Tongue. Most burns of the tongue heal on their own within about two weeks. However, some burns can last for up to six weeks. Burning tongue syndrome can persist for months or even years.
New thought on Deuterocanonicals
Henry Kolker Joseph Henry Kolker (November 13, 1874) [some sources 1870] Berlin, Prussia, Germany – July 15, 1947, Los Angeles, California) was an American stage and film actor and director.
- Researchers have shown that beet root powder can be an extremely beneficial supplement for menstruating women. A Source of Complete Nutrition. Beet roots are a rich source of many essential vitamins and minerals, including potassium, phosphorus, iron, and calcium. Our Organic Beet Root Powder is a great source of magnesium, which is critical in allowing the body to properly absorb and digest calcium.
The lamb and lion Bluffton University. Humorist Josh Billings (1818–1885): "The lion and the lamb may possibly sometimes lie down together; but if you'll notice carefully, when the lion gets up, the lamb is generally missing." Attributed to Woody Allen: "I've always liked, someday the lamb will lay by the lion ... but it won't get much sleep." The lamb and lion "The lamb with the lion" – often a paraphrase from Isaiah, and more closely quoted as "the wolf and lamb", "a child will lead them", and the like – are an artistic and symbolic device, most generally related to peace. The symbol
London Underground persist to this day. "" has a single-player level named "Mind The Gap" where most of the level takes place between the dockyards and Westminster while the player and a team of SAS attempt to take down terrorists attempting to escape using the London Underground via a hijacked train. The game also features the multiplayer map "Underground", in which players are combating in a fictitious Underground station. The London Underground map serves as a playing field for the conceptual game of Mornington Crescent (which is named after a station on the Northern line) and the board game "The London Game".
When you're looking at the periodic table of elements they are listing the average atomic mass. That's because each element has multiple isotopes that exist in differing ratios in nature. For example, every carbon atom has 6 protons. That's what defines it as carbon. 98.89% of all carbon atoms also have 6 neutrons. But, about 1.1 percent have 7 neutrons. If you take a weighted average of the mass you end up with 12.01.
- These are only a few of the restrictions on contributions for qualified benefit plans. NQDC plans allow you to provide deferred compensation to your employees in excess of these qualified plan limits.Example(s): Richard and Mary work at BCD Corporation.Richard earns $300,000 in 2011 while Mary earns $100,000.hese are only a few of the restrictions on contributions for qualified benefit plans. NQDC plans allow you to provide deferred compensation to your employees in excess of these qualified plan limits.Example(s): Richard and Mary work at BCD Corporation.
Between the German invasion of Poland on 1 September 1939 and the Anglo-French declaration of War against the German Reich on 3 September 1939, the entire city (a total of 120,000 people) was evacuated, like other border towns as well. Until the arrival of the Wehrmacht troops mid-June 1940, the city was, for ten months, completely empty, with the exception of the garrisoned soldiers. The Jews of Strasbourg had been evacuated to Périgueux and Limoges, the University had been evacuated to Clermont-Ferrand.
It was not until the end of the eighteenth century that migration as an explanation for the winter disappearance of birds from northern climes was accepted. Thomas Bewick's A History of British Birds (Volume 1, 1797) mentions a report from "a very intelligent master of a vessel" who, "between the islands of Minorca and Majorca, saw great numbers of Swallows flying northward", and states the situation in Britain as follows:
About Virgina Apples Virginia apples are grown in over 100 commercial orchards, totaling more than 16,000 acres of land. Virginia apple growers produce many popular varieties including Red Delicious, Golden Delicious, Rome, Stayman, Gala, Winesap, York, Granny Smith, Jonathan, Fuji and Ginger Gold.
Iron (II) hydroxide Iron (II) hydroxide From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Iron (II) hydroxide Names IUPAC name Iron (II) hydroxide Other names Ferrous hydroxide Identifiers CAS Number18624-44-73D model ( JSmol)Interactive image Chem Spider8305416ECHA Info Card 100.038.581Pub Chem CID10129897UNII7JIM5W32UUIn Ch I [show]SMILES [show]Properties Chemical formula Fe (OH) 2Molar mass 89.86 g/mol Appearance green solid Density 3.4 g/cm 3 [1]Solubility in water 0.72 g/100 m L (25 °C, p H 7)Solubility product ( K sp) 8.0 x 10 −16 [2]Hazards Flash point Non-flammable Related compounds Related compounds Iron (II) oxide Iron (III) hydroxide Except where otherwise noted, data are given for materials in their standard state (at 25 °C [77 °F], 100 k Pa).verify ( what is ? )Infobox references Iron (II) hydroxide or ferrous hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the formula Fe (OH) 2. It is produced when iron (II) salts, from a compound such as iron (II) sulfate, are treated with hydroxide ions. Iron (II) hydroxide is a white solid, but even traces of oxygen impart a greenish tinge. The air-oxidized solid is sometimes known as " green rust ". Contents [ hide ]1 Preparation and reactions2 Structure2.1 Related materials3 Reactions4 See also5 References Preparation and reactions [ edit]Iron (II) hydroxide is poorly soluble in water (1.43 × 10 −3 g / L ), or 1.59 × 10 −5 mol/L. It precipitates from the reaction of iron (II) and hydroxide salts: [3]Fe SO 4 + 2Na OH → Fe (OH) 2 + Na 2 SO 4If the solution is not deoxygenated and the iron reduced, the precipitate can vary in color starting from green to reddish brown depending on the iron (III) content. Iron (II) ions are easily substituted by iron (III) ions produced by its progressive oxidation. It is also easily formed as a by-product of other reactions, a.o., in the synthesis of siderite, an iron carbonate (Fe CO 3 ), if the crystal growth conditions are imperfectly controlled. Structure [ edit]Fe (OH) 2 is a layer double hydroxide (LDH). Related materials [ edit]Green rust is a recently discovered mineralogical form. All forms of green rust (including fougerite) are more complex and variable than the ideal iron (II) hydroxide compound. The natural analogue of iron (II) hydroxide compound is a very rare mineral amakinite, (Fe,Mg) (OH) 2. Reactions [ edit]Under anaerobic conditions, the iron (II) hydroxide can be oxidized by the protons of water to form magnetite (iron (II,III) oxide) and molecular hydrogen. This process is described by the Schikorr reaction:3 Fe (OH) 2 → Fe 3 O 4 + H 2 + 2 H 2 OAnions such as selenite and selenate can be easily adsorbed on the positively charged surface of iron (II) hydroxide, where they are subsequently reduced by Fe 2+. The resulting products are poorly soluble (Se 0, Fe Se, or Fe Se 2 ). Iron (II) hydroxide has also been investigated as an agent for the removal of toxic selenate and selenite ions from water systems such as wetlands. The iron (II) hydroxide reduces these ions to elemental selenium, which is insoluble in water and precipitates out. [4]In a basic solution iron (II) hydroxide is the electrochemically active material of the negative electrode of the nickel-iron battery. See also [ edit]fougerite Layered double hydroxides References [ edit]^ Lide, David R., ed. (2006). CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics (87th ed.). Boca Raton, FL: CRC Press. ISBN 0-8493-0487-3.^ http://www.gfredlee.com/Surface WQ/Stumm Oxygen Ferrous.pdf^ H. Lux "Iron (II) Hydroxide" in Handbook of Preparative Inorganic Chemistry, 2nd Ed. Edited by G. Brauer, Academic Press, 1963, NY. Vol. 1. p. 1498.^ Zingaro, Ralph A.; et al. (1997). "Reduction of oxoselenium anions by iron (II) hydroxide". Environment International. 23 (3): 299–304. doi: 10.1016/S0160-4120 (97)00032-9. [ show]v t e Iron compounds [ show]v t e Hydroxides Categories: Iron compounds Hydroxides Materials 
Eyelid Surgery Cost and Financing updated September 6, 2017For many people who are considering eyelid surgery (blepharoplasty), the cost is one of the most important factors in deciding whether undergo the procedure. While the price of blepharoplasty varies depending on factors such as the type of technique used, it may be helpful to note that the procedure does not cost as much as many other types of plastic surgery. Eyelid Surgery Prices In comparison to more major forms of cosmetic surgery, blepharoplasty can be done for a relatively low cost. On average, eyelid surgery will cost around $4,000, though some doctors may charge as low as $2,000 and others as much as $7,000. The different types of eyelid surgery carry various price tags as well. On average, lower eyelid surgery cost is about $2,400, while the price of upper eyelid surgery is usually around $2,100. The cost of laser eyelid surgery is typically higher than that of conventional blepharoplasty and can be anywhere between $3,000 and $5,000. RELATED: Find a qualified plastic surgeon in your area Eyelid Surgery Fees When a patient pays for blepharoplasty, the cost is actually a combination of various fees, the most substantial of which is the surgeon’s fee. According to the American Society of Plastic Surgeons, in 2004 the average surgeon’s fee for blepharoplasty was $2,523. The type of anesthesia used in the blepharoplasty procedure may cost between $400 and $600. There is also a fee for the use of the facility (surgical suite fee), which increases with the amount of time spent there. Surgical suite fees are usually about $500 for a single procedure (upper or lower eyelids) and can reach between $800 and $1,000 for dual procedures (upper and lower eyelids). It should be noted that eyelid surgery is an outpatient procedure, and hence the surgical suite fee is kept as low as possible. Eyelid Surgery Payment Options Most surgeons offer the option of paying for eyelid surgery with cash, check, or major credit card. In some cases, when the surgery is not elective but is to be performed to correct an impairment of vision, some insurance providers will cover a portion, if not all, of the total cost of the procedure. The surgeons themselves may also contract with individual financing companies that allow you to utilize loan options to pay for your eyelid surgery. Some surgeons provide discounts when several procedures are performed at once. It is also a growing trend to give and receive cosmetic surgery as a gift. Poor credit? No credit? Don't sweat it! You can afford the procedure you want with low-interest, no-hassle financing through Compassionate Finance. Will Insurance Cover the Cost of Eyelid Surgery? Under most health insurance plans, eyelid surgery is considered an elective procedure. The cost of eyelid surgery must be paid for by the patient because insurance companies do not consider the procedure medically necessary. One notable exception, however, is in the case of patients with ptosis, or severely drooping eyelids that hinder safe and effective vision. Insurance companies may cover all or part of the procedure’s cost for patients with this condition. If eyelid surgery seems out of your price range, there are plenty of alternatives to blepharoplasty, including laser skin resurfacing and Eyes by Thermage®. These less invasive treatments can often achieve results similar to eyelid surgery. Also, you may consider signing up for one of the many eyelid surgery financing options that are available to patients. Eyelid Surgery Financing The increasing popularity of cosmetic surgery has made available many new and convenient methods for financing treatment. For many, affording cosmetic eyelid surgery (blepharoplasty) to enhance their appearance and improve their self-esteem is no longer an insurmountable obstacle. Today, traditional payment options, as well as financing, are offered by many surgeons to help ease the financial burden of many forms of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery. Make easy, affordable payments for your procedure with Compassionate Finance When
The original early 19th-century interior designs, many of which survive, include widespread use of brightly coloured scagliola and blue and pink lapis, on the advice of Sir Charles Long. King Edward VII oversaw a partial redecoration in a Belle Époque cream and gold colour scheme. Many smaller reception rooms are furnished in the Chinese regency style with furniture and fittings brought from the Royal Pavilion at Brighton and from Carlton House. The palace has 775 rooms, and the garden is the largest private garden in London. The state rooms, used for official and state entertaining, are open to the public each year for most of August and September, and on selected days in winter and spring.
What is the temple on the Cambodian flag?
High School Earth Science/World Climates High School Earth Science/World Climates< High School Earth Science This is the latest reviewed version, checked on 7 February 2018. Quality: minimalnavigation search Contents1 Lesson Objectives2 Climate Zones and Biomes3 Tropical Moist Climates (Group A)4 Dry Climates (Group B)5 Moist Subtropical Mid-latitude (Group C)6 Continental Climates (Group D)7 Polar Climates (Group E)8 Microclimates9 Lesson Summary10 Review Questions11 Vocabulary12 Points to Consider Climate zone change results from the climate conditions of an area: its temperature, humidity, amount and type of precipitation, and the season. A climate zone is reflected in a region's natural vegetation. Perceptive travelers can figure out which climate zone they are in by looking at the vegetation, even if the weather is unusual for the climate on that day!Lesson Objectives [ edit]Describe the relationship between the climate zones and the factors that influence climate. Discuss the relationship between climate zones and biomes. Discuss the different biomes based on a general description. Climate Zones and Biomes [ edit]The major factors that influence climate also determine the different climate zones. The same type of climate zone will be found at similar latitudes and in similar positions on nearly all continents, both in the Northern and Southern Hemispheres. The one exception to this pattern is the climate zones called the continental climates, which are not found at higher latitudes in the Southern Hemisphere. This is because the Southern Hemisphere land masses are not wide enough to produce a continental climate. Climate zones are classified by the Köppen classification system (Figure 17.7). This system is based on the temperature, the amount of precipitation and the times of year when precipitation occurs. Since climate determines the type of vegetation that grows in an area, vegetation is used as an indicator of climate type. A climate type and its plants and animals make up a biome. The organisms of a particular biome share certain characteristics around the world, because their environment has similar advantages and challenges. The organisms have adapted to that environment in similar ways over time. For example, different species of cactus live on different continents, but they have adapted to the harsh desert in similar ways. Figure 17.7: This world map of the Köppen classification system gives a good general idea of where the climate zones and major biomes are located. Where the groups are not represented by stripes (like in the western United States) the situation is complicated by geographic features such as mountains. The Köppen classification system recognizes five major climate groups, each with a distinct capital letter A through E. Each lettered group is divided into subcategories. Some of these subcategories are forest (f), monsoon (m), and wet/dry (w) types, based on the amount of precipitation and season when that precipitation occurs. Tropical Moist Climates (Group A) [ edit]Tropical Moist (Group A) climates are found in a band about 15° to 25° N and S of the equator (Figure 17.8). Intense sunshine means that the tropics are warm year-round: each month has an average temperature of at least 18°C (64°F). Rainfall is abundant—at least 150 cm (59 inches) per year. The subcategories of this zone are based on when the rain falls. Figure 17.8: Tropical Moist Climates (Group A) are shown in green. The main vegetation for this climate is the tropical rainforest, which are found in the Amazon in South America, the Congo in Africa and the lands and islands of southeast Asia. Tropical Wet ( Af) [ edit]The wet tropics lie in a band around the equator, covering about 10% of the Earth's land. The wet tropics are consistently warm, with almost no annual temperature variation. Great amounts of rain fall year-round, between 175 and 250 cm (65 and 100 inches) per year. These conditions support the tropical rainforest biome (Figure 17.9). The forest is dominated by densely packed, broadleaf evergreen trees. Many hab
Why Does the Moon Have Phases? Science Astronomy Q: Why Does the Moon Have Phases? A: Quick Answer The moon has phases with distinct appearances because it is constantly rotating around the Earth and being illuminated by the sun at different angles. The most common phases are the new moon, first quarter, full moon and last quarter. Continue Reading Keep Learning How Would You Describe a Solar Eclipse? How Does a Lunar Eclipse Happen? What Is a Total Eclipse? Credit: Uwe Hermann CC-BY-SA 2.0Full Answer The moon is constantly in orbit around the planet and completes a full revolution approximately once a month, or every 29.5 days. The sun is able to shine light on half of the surface area of the moon at any one time. When the moon is directly between the Earth and sun, the moon cannot be seen from the Earth, which is the new moon phase. Similarly, when the moon is on the opposite side of the Earth in relation to the sun, it will be in the full moon phase as all the light bouncing off the moon can be seen from Earth. Learn more about Astronomy Sources: livescience.com Related Questions Q: What Is the Difference Between a Lunar Eclipse and a Solar Eclipse? A: A lunar eclipse happens when the Earth's shadow is cast on the moon, and a solar eclipse takes place when the moon passes between the Earth and the sun and... Full Answer >Filed Under: Astronomy Q: Is the Sun Bigger Than the Moon and Earth? A: The sun is bigger than both the moon and the Earth. The Earth is approximately 7,926 miles in diameter, while the sun is roughly 900,000 miles in diameter.... Full Answer >Filed Under: Astronomy Q: What Causes an Eclipse of the Sun? A: According to Space.com, a solar eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the sun and Earth, which casts the moon's shadow on Earth. This event happens o... Full Answer >Filed Under: Astronomy Q: Why Do We Have Moon Phases? A: Moon phases occur because the angle of the Earth, moon and sun changes as the moon orbits the Earth. One-half of the moon is always illuminated by the sun.... Full Answer >Filed Under: Our Moon You May Also Like Q: What Is the Difference Between Geocentric and Heliocentric? Q: What Is the Best Protection Against Gamma Rays? Q: How Do You Find the Stages of the Moon? Q: What Causes a Blood Moon? Q: How Many People Have Walked on the Moon? Q: What Is "Catch the Moon" by Judith Ortiz Cofer? 
Coming to London at this point of time is not a wise decision, not that I mean to discourage you. The job market is quite competitive because loads of developers are in the markets, because of the layoffs. So be ready to wait for some time to land a role. Banks aren't recruiting that heavily, but that might change if the economy picks up. Regarding salaries, the contract rates you quote are primarily for banking sector jobs, some outside banking also pay those rates, but they are few.  You can quote what you want to a recruiter, most contracts are through them as most managers have a fincancial get go between recruiters and themselves. Recruiters take their cut what they bill, 400+200(just a guess). So the more they take from the 400, better is their margin. So they try to decrease the 400 portion. But the important point is be ready to keep your chair warm for some time. I am not sure why you have to move to London. Keep your current job. Get a Skype number or something and get the calls diverted to your phone in Germany. You can come down to London for interviews and schedule them so you come in a week and give all your interviews. London is a costly place, you can find cheap places to stay too. But without a job and searching for one will get you depressed(been there and experienced it)
Your sleeping/waking patterns aren't linear. It's not a tank of gas that's being drained until it finally runs out and you fall asleep. Tiredness has a 2.5-3 hour cycle that it goes through, just like your sleep. If you find it hard to wake up in the morning, setting your alarm half an hour earlier may make it an easy task. The reason is bound to your body's way of creating the needed chemicals. Melatonin. Maybe it's something that's been around since we were "wilder", when it was beneficial to wake up again if you couldn't sleep. You want to go to sleep at a specific time because it's dark. However, it's not safe, or you haven't found a place to sleep yet, or you need food. Great, says your body. Here's some extra energy to help you along your way.
- Luteinizing hormone (LH, also known as lutropin and sometimes lutrophin) is a hormone produced by gonadotropic cells in the anterior pituitary gland.rom Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Luteinizing hormone (LH, also known as lutropin and sometimes lutrophin) is a hormone produced by gonadotropic cells in the anterior pituitary gland. In females, an acute rise of LH ( LH surge ) triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum.
Arm humerus is one of the three long bones of the arm. It joins with the scapula at the shoulder joint and with the other long bones of the arm, the ulna and radius at the elbow joint. The elbow is the hinge joint between the end of the humerus and the ends of the radius and ulna. The humerus cannot be broken easily. Its strength allows it to handle loading up to . The arm is divided by a fascial layer (known as lateral and medial intermuscular septa) separating the muscles into two "osteofascial compartments": the anterior and the posterior
Higher-level semantics such as visual attributes are crucial for fundamental multimedia applications. We present a novel attribute discovery approach that can automatically identify, model and name attributes from an arbitrary set of image and text pairs that can be easily gathered on the Web. Different from conventional attribute discovery methods, our approach does not rely on any pre-defined vocabularies and human labeling. Therefore, we are able to build a large visual knowledge base without any human efforts. The discovery is based on a novel deep architecture, named Independent Component Multimodal Autoencoder (ICMAE), that can continually learn shared higher-level representations across the visual and textual modalities. With the help of the resultant representations encoding strong visual and semantic evidences, we propose to (a) identify attributes and their corresponding high-quality training images, (b) iteratively model them with maximum compactness and comprehensiveness, and (c) name the attribute models with human understandable words. To date, the proposed system has discovered 1,898 attributes over 1.3 million pairs of image and text. Extensive experiments on various real-world multimedia datasets demonstrate the quality and effectiveness of the discovered attributes, facilitating multimedia applications such as image annotation and retrieval as compared to the state-of-the-art approaches.
Intention (criminal law) Intention (criminal law) In criminal law, intent is one of three general classes of mens rea necessary to constitute a conventional, as opposed to strict liability, crime. A more formal, generally synonymous legal term is scienter: intent or knowledge of wrongdoing.
As Western Europe witnessed the formation of new kingdoms, the Eastern Roman Empire remained intact and experienced an economic revival that lasted into the early 7th century. There were fewer invasions of the eastern section of the empire; most occurred in the Balkans. Peace with Persia, the traditional enemy of Rome, lasted throughout most of the 5th century. The Eastern Empire was marked by closer relations between the political state and Christian Church, with doctrinal matters assuming an importance in eastern politics that they did not have in Western Europe. Legal developments included the codification of Roman law; the first effort—the Theodosian Code—was completed in 438. Under Emperor Justinian (r. 527–565), another compilation took place—the Corpus Juris Civilis. Justinian also oversaw the construction of the Hagia Sophia in Constantinople and the reconquest of North Africa from the Vandals and Italy from the Ostrogoths, under Belisarius (d. 565). The conquest of Italy was not complete, as a deadly outbreak of plague in 542 led to the rest of Justinian's reign concentrating on defensive measures rather than further conquests. At the emperor's death, the Byzantines had control of most of Italy, North Africa, and a small foothold in southern Spain. Justinian's reconquests have been criticised by historians for overextending his realm and setting the stage for the Muslim conquests, but many of the difficulties faced by Justinian's successors were due not just to over-taxation to pay for his wars but to the essentially civilian nature of the empire, which made raising troops difficult.
I read an ama a while back from a woman with tourettes and a lot of the comments were from people with Tourettes, and it wasn't so much that they cussed, but more that they had an uncontrollable urge to say the most inappropriate thing that would come to mind. One guy would yell things like "bomb" whenever he was in an airport. And it's not just saying things but also uncontrollable movements. The ama was really interesting, I suggest you look it up.
During this period, the Weapons Station was the Atlantic Fleet's loadout base for all nuclear ballistic missile submarines. Two SSBN "Boomer" squadrons and a submarine tender were homeported at the Weapons Station, while one SSN attack squadron, Submarine Squadron 4, and a submarine tender were homeported at the Naval Base. At the 1996 closure of the station's Polaris Missile Facility Atlantic (POMFLANT), over 2,500 nuclear warheads and their UGM-27 Polaris, UGM-73 Poseidon, and UGM-96 Trident I delivery missiles (SLBM) were stored and maintained, guarded by a U.S. Marine Corps security force company.
Towne West Square Towne West Square is an enclosed shopping mall located in Wichita, Kansas, United States. Opened in 1980, it comprises more than 100 stores in 951447 sqft of gross leasable area. The mall's five anchor stores include Convergys, Dick's Sporting Goods, two Dillard's locations and JCPenney. Sears (the sixth anchor store) closed in December 2014, leaving one anchor space vacant. The original anchor stores in the mall were: Dillard's, Henry's, JC Penney, Montgomery Ward and Service Merchandise. Sears opened in 1994 (14 years after the rest of the mall) moving a store from the open air Twin Lakes Shopping Center. There is a drop in daycare closest to JCPenny that opened in May 2015 called the Kiddie Klubhouse.
Interstitial Lung Disease Interstitial Lung Disease In this Article Types of Interstitial Lung Disease Causes of Interstitial Lung Disease Symptoms of Interstitial Lung Disease Diagnosis of Interstitial Lung Disease Treatments for Interstitial Lung Disease Interstitial lung disease is a general category that includes many different lung conditions. All interstitial lung diseases affect the interstitium, a part of the lungs ' anatomic structure. The interstitium is a lace-like network of tissue that extends throughout both lungs. The interstitium provides support to the lungs' microscopic air sacs (alveoli). Tiny blood vessels travel through the interstitium, allowing gas exchange between blood and the air in the lungs. Normally, the interstitium is so thin it can't be seen on chest X-rays or CT scans. Types of Interstitial Lung Disease All forms of interstitial lung disease cause thickening of the interstitium. The thickening can be due to inflammation, scarring, or extra fluid ( edema ). Some forms of interstitial lung disease are short-lived; others are chronic and irreversible. Some of the types of interstitial lung disease include: Interstitial pneumonia: Bacteria, viruses, or fungi may infect the interstitium of the lung. A bacterium called Mycoplasma pneumonia is the most common cause. Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: A chronic, progressive form of fibrosis (scarring) of the interstitium. Its cause is unknown. Nonspecific interstitial pneumonitis: Interstitial lung disease that's often present with autoimmune conditions (such as rheumatoid arthritis or scleroderma ). Continue Reading Belowyou might like Hypersensitivity pneumonitis: Interstitial lung disease caused by ongoing inhalation of dust, mold, or other irritants. Cryptogenic organizing pneumonia (COP): A pneumonia-like interstitial lung disease but without an infection present. COP is also called bronchiolitis obliterans with organizing pneumonia (BOOP). Acute interstitial pneumonitis: A sudden, severe interstitial lung disease, often requiring life support. Desquamative interstitial pneumonitis: An interstitial lung disease that's partially caused by smoking. Sarcoidosis: A condition causing interstitial lung disease along with swollen lymph nodes, and sometimes heart, skin, nerve, or eye involvement. Asbestosis: Interstitial lung disease caused by asbestos exposure. Causes of Interstitial Lung Disease Bacteria, viruses, and fungi are known to cause interstitial pneumonias. Regular exposures to inhaled irritants at work or during hobbies can also cause some interstitial lung disease. These irritants include: Asbestos Silica dust Talc Coal dust, or various other metal dusts from working in mining Grain dust from farming Bird proteins (such as from exotic birds, chickens, or pigeons)1 2 3 4 View All 
Definitions &Translations Noun. 1. moniker-a familiar name for a person (often a shortened version of a person 's given name);  Joe 's mother would not use his nickname and always called him Joseph ;  Henry 's nickname was Slim . Synonyms: cognomen, nickname, sobriquet, soubriquet. Browse.
chloral hydrate (Somnote) Brand Names: Somnote Generic Name: chloral hydrate (Pronunciation: KLOR al HY drayt)What is chloral hydrate (Somnote)? What are the possible side effects of chloral hydrate (Somnote)? What is the most important information I should know about chloral hydrate (Somnote)? What should I discuss with my health care provider before taking chloral hydrate (Somnote)? How should I take chloral hydrate (Somnote)? What happens if I miss a dose (Somnote)? What happens if I overdose (Somnote)? What should I avoid while taking chloral hydrate (Somnote)? What other drugs will affect chloral hydrate (Somnote)? Where can I get more information? What is chloral hydrate (Somnote)? Chloral hydrate is a hypnotic and a sedative medication that slows the activity of your central nervous system. Chloral hydrate has both fast-acting and long-lasting sedative effects. Chloral hydrate is for short-term use as a sedative or sleep medicine. It is sometimes given before a surgery to help you relax. Chloral hydrate may also be used for purposes other than those listed in this medication guide. What are the possible side effects of chloral hydrate (Somnote)? Get emergency medical help if you have any of these signs of an allergic reaction: hives; difficulty breathing; swelling of your face, lips, tongue, or throat. Call your doctor at once if you have any of these serious side effects:uneven heartbeats;feeling light-headed, fainting;shallow breathing;weakness, lack of coordination; ora red, blistering, peeling skin rash. Other less serious side effects are more likely to occur, such as:drowsiness, deep sleep;headache, or hangover feeling;nausea, vomiting, indigestion, gas, stomach pain;redness or drooping of your eyelids;excitement or confusion;mild itching or skin rash; orunpleasant taste in your mouth;Side effects other than those listed here may also occur. Talk to your doctor about any side effect that seems unusual or that is especially bothersome. You may report side effects to FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088. What is the most important information I should know about chloral hydrate (Somnote)? Before taking chloral hydrate, tell your doctor if you are using a blood thinner such as warfarin (Coumadin). If you are using a blood thinner, you may not be able to take chloral hydrate, or you may need dosage adjustments or special tests during treatment. Chloral hydrate should be given only for a short time, such as 2 to 7 days in a row. Call your doctor at once if you have any of these serious side effects: uneven heartbeats, shallow breathing, feeling light-headed, fainting, weakness, lack of coordination, or a red, blistering, peeling skin rash. Avoid drinking alcohol, which can increase some of the side effects of chloral hydrate. Avoid using other medicines that make you sleepy (such as cold medicine, pain medication, muscle relaxers, and medicine for seizures, depression or anxiety ). They can add to sleepiness caused by chloral hydrate. Chloral hydrate can cause side effects that may impair your thinking or reactions. Be careful if you drive or do anything that requires you to be awake and alert. This medication may be habit-forming. You may have severe or life-threatening withdrawal symptoms when you stop using chloral hydrate after using it for 2 weeks or longer. Do not stop using this medication suddenly without first talking to your doctor. You may need to gradually reduce the dose. What should I discuss with my health care provider before taking chloral hydrate (Somnote)? Do not use this medication if you have severe kidney or liver disease. Before taking chloral hydrate, tell your doctor if you have:heart disease or heart rhythm problems;ulcer, colitis, or other stomach disorders;adenoids, sleep apnea, or other breathing disorders;porphyria;depression or mental illness;thoughts of suicide; ora history of drug abuse or dependence. Causes of Fatigue Slideshow Pictures Sleep Quiz: Test Your Medical IQFoods That Help or Harm Your Sleep Slideshow If you have any of these conditions, you may not be able to use chloral hydrate, or
- It is necessary, therefore, that pork is cooked to an internal temperature of 176°F (77°C) for fresh loin roasts to 185°F (85°C) for other large fresh cuts. Cured and smoked products should reach an internal temperature of 160°F to 170°F (72°C to 85°C). 77–85 °C. Reichl, Ruth.
Upper Respiratory Tract Infection The vast majority of upper respiratory infections are caused by viruses and are self-limited. Symptoms of upper respiratory infection include cough, sneezing, nasal discharge, nasal congestion, runny nose, fever, scratchy or sore throat, and. nasal breathing. Antibiotics are rarely needed to treat upper respiratory infections and generally should be avoided, unless the doctor suspects a bacterial infection.
Articles and advice Share Twitter Facebook Linked In All Products Our Businesses Insulation Products Applications Case studies Knowledge base More Great Britain & Channel Islands Kingspan Group Europe & Northern Asia Andorra Albania (Shqipëri)Austria (Österreich)Belarus (Беларусь) Belgium (Belgique)Belgium (België)Bosnia & Herzegovina (Bosna i Hercegovina)Bulgaria (България)Channel Islands Croatia (Hrvatska) Cyprus (Κύπρος - EN / Kıbrıs - TÜ)Czech Republic (Česká Republika)Denmark (Danmark)Estonia (Eesti)Faroe Islands (Færøerne Islands)Finland (Suomi) France Germany (Deutschland)Gibraltar Great Britain Greece (Ελλάδα)Hungary (Magyarország)Iceland (Ísland) Ireland Italy (Italia) Latvia (Latvija) Liechtenstein Lithuania (Lietuva)Luxembourg Macedonia (Македонија)Malta Moldova Monaco Montenegro (Црна Гора) The Netherlands (Nederlands)Norway (Norge)Poland (Polska) Portugal Romania (România)Russia (Россия) San Marino Serbia (Србија)Slovakia (Slovensko) Slovenia (Slovenija)Spain (España)Svalbard Sweden (Sverige)Switzerland (Schweiz)Ukraine (Україна)Vatican City (Città del Vaticano)The Americas USA Canada St Pierre & Miquelon Greenland (Grønland)Bermuda Cayman Islands Puerto Rico US Virgin Islands West Indies (Rest of)Mexico (México) Brazil (Brasil)Rest of South & Central America (Resto de América del Sur y Central)Oceania Australasia & Melanesia New Zealand & Polynesia Middle East Bahrain (البحرين) Iraq (العـراق)Israel (מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל)Jordan (الأردن) Kuwait (الكويت) Lebanon (لبنان)Oman (عُمان) Qatar (قطر)Saudi Arabia (المملكة العربية السعودية)Syria (سوريا) Turkey United Arab Emirates (لإمارات العربية المتحدة)Yemen (اليَمَن)East & South East Asia East & South East Asia South & Central Asia South & Central Asia Africa Africa Other Islands Indian Ocean Islands Southern Ocean Islands South Atlantic Islandsx Log in Bookmark Share Search Home Insulation Knowledge base Articles Articles and advice Topic Application What is daylighting?10 April 2018BIM 5 - What does the industry want from the manufacturers?29 March 2018BIM 5 - roles of the task team15 March 2018Air Quality and Building Services Insulation1 March 2018BIM 5 - roles of the project team1 March 2018Understanding product certification16 February 2018Understanding the causes of smoke risk22 December 2017Securing fire safety21 December 2017'Non-combustible' - Does what it says on the label?20 December 2017Fixing the building regulatory system12 December 2017How can we improve the environmental impact of Vacuum Insulated Panels?22 November 2017The importance of (good) ventilation9 November 2017What is a good insulation?10 August 2017How does insulation work?3 August 2017Understanding compression26 July 2017What is an EPD?20 July 20171 2 3 4 5 6 Next Last Items per page: Kingspan Insulation Ltd For queries relating to insulation boards, cavity closers or membranes. Pembridge Leominster Herefordshire HR6 9LAGeneral enquiries: 01544 388 601Technical advice: 01544 387 382email linkedin twitter Our Businesses in Great Britain Kingspan Insulated Panels Kingspan Insulation Kingspan Light + Air Kingspan Environmental Kingspan Access Floors Tate Kingspan Industrial Insulation Kingspan Timber Solutions Product Groups Insulated Panel Systems Insulation Architectural Facade Systems Coldstore and Cleanroom Systems Ductwork Wastewater Management Access Floors Product Groups Data Centre Systems Structural Steel Solutions Diesel, Ad Blue & Oil Tanks Renewable Technologies Service and Telemetry Engineered Timber Systems Self-Build Homes Legal Information Website Privacy Notice Cookie Policy & Control Terms & Conditions of Website Use Modern Slavery Act Statement Group Approach to Tax© Kingspan Group We use cookies on our website www.kingspan.com. To find out more about the cookies we use, or to change your cookie preferences i.e. to remove your consent to our use of certain categories of cookies, please visit our Cookie Policy & Control page. Please click "Accept and close" to accept the use of cookies on our website. If you do not click "Accept and close" but continue to use this website:
Space doesn't have time zones so everyone agreed to say that if you want to do something at a specific time you use GMT (the one which is used in Britain and is +00) so any time that people use in space is going to be in GMT
Can I run an external display off of the Galaxy SIIX USB port? I would like to attach an external display, can that port do that? May use Ubuntu...
Cary Grant named him the second greatest male star of Golden Age Hollywood cinema (after Humphrey Bogart). He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor in "Penny Serenade" (1941) and "None but the Lonely Heart" (1944). Widely recognized for comedic and dramatic roles, among his best-known films are "Bringing Up Baby" (1938), "Only Angels Have Wings" (1939), "His Girl Friday" (1940), "The Philadelphia Story" (1940), "Arsenic and Old Lace" (1944), "North by Northwest" (1959), and "Charade" (1963). Cary Grant Cary Grant (born Archibald Alec Leach; January 18, 1904November 29, 1986) was an English-American actor, known as one of classic Hollywood's
Conjunctions Conjunctions. A conjunction (also called a connective) is a word such as and, because, but, for, if, or, and when. Conjunctions are used to connect phrases, clauses, and sentences.There are two main kinds of conjunction. conjunction (also called a connective) is a word such as and, because, but, for, if, or, and when. Conjunctions are used to connect phrases, clauses, and sentences.
GARDNER BANK ROUTING NUMBER & INFORMATION GARDNER, KS 66030. Gardner Bank's routing number (the leftmost number on the bottom of a check) is 101105118. Sometimes, banks have multiple routing numbers for different branches or uses. Please make sure this is the correct routing number for your branch!
Hybrid Night Splint More Views Hybrid Night Splint By Ovation Medical CONTACT US FOR BEST PRICE!! !Due to manufacturer restrictions we cannot list the sale price of this item online. However, we can send you an Instant Email with our best price right to your inbox by providing your email address below! Or talk to one of our specialists at 800-397-5899Name: Phone: Email: Item# Description Size Price30014Small/Medium, Men: 5 - 9, Women: 6 - 10Each$74.94$44.95Add to Cart30016Large/Extra Large, Men: 9.5 - 14, Women: 10.5 - 15Each$74.94$44.95Add to Cart Questions? Call Us!Call: 800-397-5899Available 7:00AM - 5:30PM MSTBusiness Quote Share Facebook Share on Twitter Related Products Invacare Carpal Tunnel Wrist Support Starting at: $10.43Description Additional Information Reviews Community Q&AHybrid Night Splint, constructed by Ovation Medical, is an innovative splint specifically designed for individuals with plantar fasciitis. Inspired by the search for superlative functionality, this night splint offers an excellent level of comfort and operation. Featuring a fully adjustable tension strap, you can alter the Hybrid Night Splint to provide unmatched support and comfort. In fact, there is an articulating hinge design that supports a full range of flexible settings. Flexibility is vital to facilitating relief and restoration. In addition to its adaptive properties, the Hybrid Night Splint securely holds the foot in place and improves ambulation by integrating a non-skid sole. To assist with comfort throughout the night, this night splint features exceptionally soft and pliable pads that conform to an individual's ankle and foot. The pads provide unsurpassed comfort and superior support. Take your rehabilitation to the next level. To prevent night-time contraction of your muscles to circumvent discomfort in the morning, order the Hybrid Night Splint today!Hybrid Night Splint Features and Benefits Adjustable tension strap. Articulating hinge design offers full range of adjustable settings. Hinged shell configuration offers adaptable functionality. Non-skid sole for improved movement. Offers unmatched comfort and function. Securely keeps foot in place. Well padded for support and comfort. Hybrid Night Splint Specifications Product Numbers: 30014, 30016. Sizes: S-M, L-XL. Application: To improve muscle flexibility and relieve discomfort associated with plantar fasciitis. Manufacturer: Ovation Medical. Hybrid Night Splint Indications Achilles tendonitis. Drop foot. Plantar fasciitis. Ovation Medical Hybrid Night Splint Video (3:13 minutes)Ovation Medical Hybrid Night Splint at DME-Direct.com Your browser does not currently recognize any of the video formats available. Click here to visit our frequently asked questions about HTML5 video.0:00 / 3:13Additional Information Manufacturer Ovation Medical Ships Free Yes Product Reviews I'm not a robotre CAPTCHAPrivacy - Terms Tell us what you think about this item!Product Questions Ask Question No questions yet. Be the first to ask the question! 
Asbestos Brake Linings, Gaskets & Pads - Bendix, Raybestos, American Brakeblok (Abex),Wagner, EIS, Gatke, Maremont (Grizzly brakes), Johns Manville, Fomoco, Delco and Mopar Asbestos Brake Linings, Gaskets & Pads - Bendix, Raybestos, American Brakeblok (Abex),Wagner, EIS, Gatke, Maremont (Grizzly brakes), Johns Manville, Fomoco, Delco and Mopar Until as late as the 1990s, asbestos was used in automotive brake linings and disc pads. Many brake shoe linings contained up to 70% asbestos. Asbestos helped withstand the heat of the friction created when, through the hydraulic pressure of the braking mechanism, brake shoes were pressed against the interior of the wheel drums to stop the wheels from turning. Mechanics performing brake inspections and replacements can be exposed to asbestos in several ways. First, it has been common practice for brake mechanics to clean the braking mechanism, backing plate and the interior of the drums using compressed air. Unfortunately, asbestos dust collects in the brake drum and on the brake assemblies as the brake linings wear down from friction. The use of compressed air releases this dust and exposes the mechanic to substantial levels of asbestos dust. Although the heat of the friction in braking converts most of the asbestos to fosterite, a relatively harmless particle, millions of fibers of asbestos will remain. Exposure to these fibers puts mechanics at increased risk for asbestos diseases such as mesothelioma, lung cancer, and asbestosis. Mechanics were exposed to asbestos from brake shoe linings when they sanded, ground or abraded the linings before installation. Many mechanics would rough or scuff the surface of the linings with sandpaper before installing them to remove grease and glaze. Some mechanics would also bevel the edges of the linings with a file or electric grinder, which was thought to ensure that the brakes operated smoothly from the start. It was also common to turn brake drums on a lathe when the interior surface became scored or uneven, to smooth out the metal interior of the drum. This resulted in the drum having a larger arc than new brake linings that were to be installed. In order to make the linings fit snugly in the drum, the mechanic would arc the asbestos lining of the brake shoe on an electric grinding machine. All of these operations exposed mechanics to substantial amounts of asbestos dust, again increasing the risk of diseases like mesothelioma. Manufacturers of brake pads and shoe linings, such as Bendix, Raybestos, American Brakeblok (Abex),Wagner, EIS, Gatke, Maremont (Grizzly brakes), Johns Manville, Fomoco, Delco and Mopar, all used asbestos in almost all of their brakes. Since the 1930's, Johns Manville and Raybestos Manhattan had been members of the Asbestos Textile Institute, an industry group that had commissioned studies that implicated asbestos as a carcinogen as early as the 1940's. They, along with virtually all of the other brake manufacturers, were members of the Friction Materials Standards Institute, which was an industry group that met and discussed, among other things, the hazards of asbestos. In 1973, Dr. I. M. Weaver of Raybestos Manhattan addressed the group, and informed them that the kind of asbestos found in brakes caused mesothelioma and other cancers at low exposure levels. He stated the group had a “moral imperative” to warn customers of the mesothelioma hazard. Yet the FMSI, as it was known, lobbied government agencies to try to stem the tide of regulations concerning asbestos, and later issued only inconspicuous and weakly worded “caution” labels advising mechanics to “avoid creating dust,” without explaining the gravity of the harm involved. In 1986, the EPA published its “ Guidance for Preventing Disease Among Auto Mechanics ,” which it hoped would get the word out about the mesothelioma hazard from brake work. The book explained the ways mechanics were exposed to asbestos when performing brake work, and discussed ways mechanics could prevent asbestos exposures, thereby lowering their mesothelioma risk. If you or someone you 
I suppose you could say that some do, though the actual death is probably accidental- I don't know that many animals have a true concept that "doing action A will cause me to die" or even really what death is. As an example, parrots in captivity who are under stimulated, improperly raised, neglected, sick, etc will often "overgroom" where they will pick out their own feathers. This can progress to "self mutilation" where they will tear into their skin. I have seen one case (and I'm sure this happens relatively often) where a self mutilator hit an artery and bled out.
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
insecure insecureadjective in·se·cure \ ˌin-si-ˈkyu̇r \Updated on: 22 Mar 2018Trending Now:oligarch glib depose omnibus acrimony ALLTime Traveler! Explore the year a word first appeared Definition of insecure1: not confident or sure: uncertainfeeling somewhat insecure of his reception2: not adequately guarded or sustained: unsafean insecure investment3: not firmly fastened or fixed: shakythe hinge is loose and insecure4 a: not highly stable or well-adjustedan insecure marriageb: deficient in assurance: beset by fear and anxietyalways felt insecure in a group of strangers—insecurelyadverb—insecurenessnoun—insecurityplay \ ˌin-si-ˈkyu̇r-ə-tē \ noun See insecure defined for English-language learners See insecure defined for kids Examples of insecure in a Sentence I feel shy and insecure around strangers. One of the building's rear doors was insecure. The country's borders remain insecure. Recent Examples of insecure from the Web Co-star Mendes has also been open about her battle with eating disorders and feeling insecure playing the short skirt-wearing Veronica on Riverdale.— sam reed, The Hollywood Reporter, "Lili Reinhart Comes After Cosmo Philippines for Photoshopping Her Waist," 9 Mar. 2018Many were Nakesha’s former college classmates, including Becky Dickinson, the once- insecure dance performer; Anim Steel, who opened his apartment to Nakesha in 1998; and Abby Dobson, the singer and songwriter.— benjamin weiser, New York Times, "A ‘Bright Light,’ Dimmed in the Shadows of Homelessness," 3 Mar. 2018The incident left him feeling violated and insecure.— sari botton, Longreads, "Brendan Fraser’s #Me Too Moment," 24 Feb. 2018These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'insecure.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback. Origin and Etymology of insecure Medieval Latin insecurus, from Latin in- + securus secure NEW! Time Traveler First Known Use: 1649See Words from the same yearinsecure Synonyms Synonymsaflutter, antsy, anxious, dithery,edgy, het up, hung up, ill at ease,jittery, jumpy, nervous, nervy,perturbed, queasy ( also queazy),tense, troubled, uneasy, unquiet,upset, uptight, worried Antonymscalm, collected, cool, easy, happy-go-lucky, nerveless, relaxed Near Antonymsconfident, self-assured, self-confident, sure;controlled, self-controlled Related Wordsaggrieved, bothered, concerned,disquieted, distraught, distressed,disturbed, freaked, freaked-out,shook-up;apprehensive, foreboding,hesitant, misgiving;fretful, fretting,stewing, vexed;flustered, twittered,undone, unnerved, unstrung;obsessed, preoccupied, restless;fidgety, flighty, fluttery, high-strung,skittish, spooky Phraseskeyed up, on edge, on pins and needles, on tenterhooks INSECURE Defined for English Language Learnersinsecureadjective Definition of insecure for English Language Learners: not confident about yourself or your ability to do things well: nervous and uncomfortable: not certain to continue or be successful for a long time: not locked or well protected INSECURE Defined for Kidsinsecureadjective in·se·cure \ ˌin-si-ˈkyu̇r \Definition of insecure for Students1: not safe or secureinsecure property2: not confident He's insecure about his talents. Medical Dictionaryinsecureadjective in·se·cure \ ˌin (t)-si-ˈkyu̇ (ə)r \medical Definition of insecure: characterized by or causing emotional insecurityan insecure childhood Law Dictionaryinsecureadjective in·se·curelegal Definition of insecure: having a good faith belief that the prospect of receiving payment or performance from a party with whom one has contracted is impaired—insecuritynoun Learn More about insecure See words that rhyme with insecure Thesaurus: All synonyms and antonyms for insecure Spanish Central: Translation of insecure Nglish: Translation of insecure for Spanish speakers Seen and Heard What made you want to look up insecure? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).show 
The Best Natural Cough Remedies 1. Honey. Honey is a time-honored remedy for a sore throat. According to a 2007 study, it can also relieve coughs more effectively than over-the-counter medicines that contain dextromethorphan (DM), a cough suppressant. You can create your own remedy at home by mixing honey with herbal tea, or warm water and lemon.
BBC - Swedish police probe 'cover up of migrant sex assaults'
CES Asia Set to Welcome Audiences to Premier Technology Event in Shanghai CES Asia Set to Welcome Audiences to Premier Technology Event in Shanghai Unparalleled schedule of events and 200+ exhibitors from 15 countries at inaugural trade show showcasing the latest products and technologies entering the Asian marketplace May 22, 2015 10:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time SHANGHAI-- ( BUSINESS WIRE )--With a conference program lineup featuring nearly 100 industry leaders and three full days of sessions, keynote speakers from the highest echelons of the tech industry, more than 20,000 pre-registrants and more than 200 exhibitors from 15 countries across Asia and the world, the inaugural CES Asia TM is poised to be one of the most exciting and innovative technology events in the Asia Pacific region this year. Produced by the Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) ® and co-produced by INTEX, the 2015 CES Asia will run May 25-27 in Shanghai, China, and will draw global businesses to showcase the latest products and technologies entering the Asian marketplace.“The Outlook for the Consumer Tech Market in China and the United States”Tweet this“CES Asia is sure to be the most important Asian and industry event launch this year. We expect announcements, innovative exhibits and big ideas for the future of technology, reinforcing the show as a major gateway to the influential Asian marketplace,” said Gary Shapiro, president and CEO, CEA. “We created CES Asia as a platform for companies to display products and discuss ideas from across the consumer technology ecosystem, from the Internet of Things and connectivity to 3D printing, robotics, wearables and more.”The CES Asia conference program is one of the event’s major draws, bringing together industry executives for three full days of sessions to discuss the latest topics and product trends from the ever-evolving technology industry. Some highlights from the scheduled lineup include: “The Outlook for the Consumer Tech Market in China and the United States,” “The Future of Media in Asia,” “The Impact of the Internet of Things,” the “JD Smart Life Forum” and “The Wearable Tech Revolution.” A CES Asia conference pass is available to industry-affiliated attendees for 2000 RMB (roughly $323 USD) through CES Asia registration. All conference sessions are free to press. In addition to robust conference sessions, top executives will deliver addresses at CES Asia through the keynotes and industry mover presentations, which are free to all industry affiliated attendees with a valid CES Asia badge. Some of the big names featured for the keynote series include Rupert Stadler, chairman of the board of management at AUDI AG; D. C. Chien, CEO of IBM Greater China Group; Kirk B. Skaugen, senior vice president and general manager of the client computing group for Intel Corporation; and recently announced, Sun Weimin, vice chairman of Suning Commerce Group Co. Ltd. These tech industry leaders will share valuable insights and under-the-tent stories from their own companies, as well as big ideas for the future of consumer technology. Meanwhile, the industry mover series will provide exceptional insight into the next generation of technology from the visionaries responsible for introducing this future to the world. This series will feature Shailesh Rao, vice president, Asia Pacific, Latin America & emerging markets, Twitter, as well as Liang Jun, president of Le Shi Zhi Xin, a subsidiary of Letv. Joining these top speakers, CEA President and CEO Gary Shapiro will deliver a welcome address at 10:30 AM May 25, at the Kerry Hotel, Level 3, Grand Shanghai Ballroom 2-3. During his career at CEA, Shapiro has testified on technology before the U. S. Congress more than 20 times, and through his two New York Times bestsellers and numerous op-eds, has helped direct policymakers and business leaders on the importance of innovation in the U. S. economy. Intel’s Skaugen will take the keynote stage at 10:40 AM following Shapiro’s address. Last week, CES Asia announced more than 30 Industry Partners and Allied Associations part
Faith and Dogma
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
Internal resistance and heat generated through incomplete conversion of electrical energy to chemical energy is the limiting factor. If you force too much energy too quickly into your batteries, they explode. They are working on some graphene super capacitors that could be charged in 1 minute or less and could conceivably power a cell-phone for days. Capacitors charge and discharge so rapidly because their internal resistence is almost negligent.
There are a lot of factors to this. I'll talk about three of them.  [Statistically](_URL_0_), most rapes are perpetrated by someone the victim knew, not by a criminal leaping out of a dark alleyway at night. This betrayal of trust can hurt a lot.  In addition, sometimes people will climax during a rape, despite their conscious wishes. This feels like your own body turning against you.  The way rape is viewed culturally can also have an impact. "Don't drop the soap" jokes trivialize male rape victims' experience, and many people don't even think men can be raped. Legally, not every area recognizes this possibility, depending on how they define rape. Contrary to how it may seem in the media, female rape victims are still made to feel like it was their fault for trusting the wrong guy, wearing the wrong thing, drinking too much, etc.
What does Wiebke mean? What does Wiebke mean? W iebke as a name for girls. The meaning of the name Wiebke is "alive". Wiebke is an alternate spelling of Wibeke (German, Scandinavian): respelling of Viveca. ASSOCIATED WITH Wi-, alive (life)Variations RELATION VIA WIBEKE Vibeke CREATIVE FORMS (female) (male)MIDDLE NAME PAIRINGS Wiebke Jacquelyn (W. J. ), .. How popular is Wiebke? Wiebke is an unusual given name for females but a very prominent last name for both adults and children (#55376 out of 150436, Top 37%). (2000 U. S. CENSUS) 
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
Windows On-Line Review uploaded
Portrait of a Lady (poem) Portrait of a Lady (poem) "Portrait of a Lady" is a poem by American-British poet T. S. Eliot (1888–1965), first published in September 1915 in ". " It was published again in March 1916 in "Others: An Anthology of the New Verse," in February 1917 (without the epigraph) in "The New Poetry: An Anthology," and finally in his 1917 collection of poems, "Prufrock and Other Observations." The poem's title is widely seen to be derived from the novel of the same name by Henry James. The poem's epigraph is a famous quotation from Christopher Marlowe's play "The Jew of Malta":
The official logo of League of Legends University for gamers........
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
Kerry's paternal grandparents, shoe businessman Frederick A. "Fred" Kerry and musician Ida Lowe, were immigrants from the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Fred was born as "Fritz Kohn" before he and Ida took on the "Kerry" name and moved to the United States. Fred and Ida were born Jewish, and converted to Catholicism together in Austria. His maternal ancestors were of Scottish and English descent, and his maternal grandfather James Grant Forbes II was a member of the Forbes family, while his maternal grandmother Margaret Tyndal Winthrop was a member of the Dudley–Winthrop family. Margaret's paternal grandfather Robert Charles Winthrop served as the 22nd Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives. Robert's father was Governor Thomas Lindall Winthrop. Thomas' father John Still Winthrop was a great-great-grandson of Massachusetts Bay Colony Governor John Winthrop and great-grandson of Governor Thomas Dudley. Through his mother, John is a first cousin once removed of French politician Brice Lalonde.
How Long is Law School? How Long is Law School? Law School Resources• Pre-Law Undergraduate Schools• Accredited Law Schools• Lawyer Skills and Values• Best Pre-Law Majors Students wishing to become attorneys often ask the question, "How long does it take to get a law degree?" The answer to that question is varied depending on the path a law student chooses to take. The first step in the educational timeline starts when obtaining a bachelors degree. Law schools do not require any particular bachelor's degree at this time. Any bachelor's degree is allowed for the student wishing to go to law school. That said, there are subjects that will better prepare the student for law school: political science, history, criminal justice, or philosophy are just a few. Many students will select a typical program from a college or university that can be completed in four to five years as a fulltime student. If the student can't attend fulltime, this will obviously affect how long it takes to complete this portion of their education. There are also educational programs that can fast track a bachelor's degree as well as degree completion programs for students with community college credits. One important criterion to keep in mind: choose an accredited school. An unaccredited degree may prove worthless to the law student. Another factor is the students' GPA. A low GPA may slow the highly competitive law school acceptance process. On average, earning a bachelor's degree will take approximately two and a half to five years, allowing for full-time attendance. Once a student completes their bachelors, the next phase is taking the LSAT test and gaining acceptance into a law program. This portion of the process can take up to a year due to study time and available testing dates. A student would do well to begin this process while they are earning their undergraduate degree. The final phase of a law degree is law school. Law school programs are typically three years. Unlike a student's undergraduate degree, law school does not allow a student to choose their own pace. Law students are required by most law schools to complete the law program in three years. Under special circumstances, an extension may be permitted but that is not the norm. Taking all the above factors into account, the shortest path to law school is approximately six years. For the student who has already earned a bachelors and is considering entering law school, the time commitment is between three and four years. All in all, law school takes about seven years to complete for the average student entering college. Pre-law Undergraduate Programs Online and Campus Law and Legal Studies Programs ABA Accredited Law Schools - Juris Doctor (JD) Degree Back to Top 
How Long Should You Keep Business Records? However, if an employee suffers a work-related accident or files a claim against the business, it's advisable to retain your records for up to 10 years after the claim is resolved. Job applicant information must be kept for at least three years, even if you didn't hire the applicant.
foreignadjective  [ not gradable] us â/ ËfÉrÂ·Én, ËfÉr- / foreign definition, meaning, what is foreign: belonging or connected to a country that is not your own: . Learn more.
- Interstitial fluid or tissue fluid is a solution that bathes and surrounds the tissue cells of multicellular animals.ometimes the removal of tissue fluid does not function correctly, and there is a build-up. This can cause swelling, often around the feet and ankles, which is generally known as oedema. The position of swelling is due to the effects of gravity.
-  A Broken Wing  is a song written by James House, Sam Hogin and Phil Barnhart, and recorded by American country music singer Martina McBride. It was released in September 1997 as the first single from McBride's album Evolution.
Port Phillip is often warmer than the surrounding oceans and/or the land mass, particularly in spring and autumn; this can set up a "bay effect" similar to the "lake effect" seen in colder climates where showers are intensified leeward of the bay. Relatively narrow streams of heavy showers can often affect the same places (usually the eastern suburbs) for an extended period, while the rest of Melbourne and surrounds stays dry. Overall, Melbourne is, owing to the rain shadow of the Otway Ranges, nonetheless drier than average for southern Victoria. Within the city and surrounds, however, rainfall varies widely, from around 425 millimetres (17 in) at Little River to 1,250 millimetres (49 in) on the eastern fringe at Gembrook. Melbourne receives 48.6 clear days annually. Dewpoint temperatures in the summer range from 9.5 °C (49.1 °F) to 11.7 °C (53.1 °F).
calibration Part of the Computing fundamentals glossary: In information technology and other fields, calibration is the setting or correcting of a measuring device or base level, usually by adjusting it to match or conform to a dependably known and unvarying measure. For example, the brightness or black level of a video display can be calibrated using a PLUGE pattern .
Prince Prince Few artists have created a body of work as rich and varied as Prince. During the '80s, he emerged as one of the most singular talents of the rock & roll era, capable of seamlessly tying together pop, funk, folk, and rock. Not only did he release a series of groundbreaking albums; he toured frequently, produced albums, wrote songs for many other artists, and recorded hundreds of songs that still lie unreleased in his vaults. With each album he released, Prince showed remarkable stylistic growth and musical diversity, constantly experimenting with different sounds, textures, and genres. Occasionally, his music was inconsistent, in part because of his eclecticism, but his experiments frequently succeeded; no other contemporary artist blended so many diverse styles into a cohesive whole. Prince's first two albums were solid, if unremarkable, late-'70s funk-pop. With 1980's Dirty Mind, he recorded his first masterpiece, a one-man tour de force of sex and music; it was hard funk, catchy Beatlesque melodies, sweet soul ballads, and rocking guitar pop, all at once. The follow-up, Controversy, was more of the same, but 1999 was brilliant. The album was a monster hit, selling over three million copies, but it was nothing compared to 1984's Purple Rain. Purple Rain made Prince a superstar; it eventually sold over ten million copies in the U. S. and spent 24 weeks at number one. Partially recorded with his touring band, the Revolution, the record featured the most pop-oriented music he has ever made. Instead of continuing in this accessible direction, he veered off into the bizarre psycho-psychedelia of Around the World in a Day, which nevertheless sold over two million copies. In 1986, he released the even stranger Parade, which was in its own way as ambitious and intricate as any art rock of the '60s; however, no art rock was ever grounded with a hit as brilliant as the spare funk of "Kiss." By 1987, Prince's ambitions were growing by leaps and bounds, resulting in the sprawling masterpiece Sign 'O' the Times. Prince was set to release the hard funk of The Black Album by the end of the year, but he withdrew it just before its release, deciding it was too dark and immoral. Instead, he released the confused Lovesexy in 1988, which was a commercial disaster. With the soundtrack to 1989's Batman he returned to the top of the charts, even if the album was essentially a recap of everything he had done before. The following year he released Graffiti Bridge (the sequel to Purple Rain), which turned out to be a considerable commercial disappointment. In 1991, Prince formed the New Power Generation, the best and most versatile and talented band he had ever assembled. With their first album, Diamonds and Pearls, Prince reasserted his mastery of contemporary R&B; it was his biggest hit since 1985. The following year, he released his 12th album, which was titled with a cryptic symbol; in 1993, Prince legally changed his name to the symbol. In 1994, after becoming embroiled in contract disagreements with Warner Bros., he independently released the single "The Most Beautiful Girl in the World," likely to illustrate what he would be capable of on his own; the song became his biggest hit in years. Later that summer, Warner released the somewhat halfhearted Come under the name of Prince; the record was a moderate success, going gold. In November 1994, as part of a contractual obligation, Prince agreed to the official release of The Black Album. In early 1995, he immersed himself in another legal battle with Warner, proclaiming himself a slave and refusing to deliver his new record, The Gold Experience, for release. By the end of the summer, a fed-up Warner had negotiated a compromise that guaranteed the album's release, plus one final record for the label. The Gold Experience was issued in the fall; although it received good reviews and was following a smash single, it failed to catch fire commercially. In the summer of 1996, Prince released Chaos & Disorder, which freed him to become an independent artist. Setting up his own label, N
There are lots of groups and organizations and businesses who do political polls, a whole lot of them. Different news organizations may be involved in some of these as well, or may choose to report the result from one group or another for whatever reason they choose, bias, accuracy, marketing, etc.
- Average HVAC Technician Hourly Wage in Minnesota. HVAC Technicians earn a median hourly wage of $24.98. Hourly wages typically start from $16.05 and go up to $38.44. Average HVAC Technician Yearly Salary in Minnesota. HVAC Technicians earn a median salary of $51,960 per year. Salaries typically start from $33,380 and go up to $79,950.
How to do a Trademark Search Guides » Intellectual Property » How to do a trademark search How to do a Trademark Search A trademark is a sign, design or expression which identifies products or services from a particular source. A registered trademarks provide its owner the exclusive use of a mark to identify or represent its products or services. Intellectual property awareness has steadily increased among Indian businesses over the last decade and the number of trademark applications has increased steadily. It is therefore important for existing businesses and new businesses to register their marks and/or be aware of trademark filings that are similar to the interests of the business. In this article, we look at the process for doing a trademark search in India. Trademark Database Trademark registrations and registered trademarks are controlled in India by the Comptroller General of Patent Designs and Trademarks. An online trademark search database is available through the website of the Comptroller General of Patent Designs and Trademarks, and can be used by both professionals and non-professionals to do a trademark search. The trademark database contains all the trademarks applications submitted to the Trademark registrar in India including registered, applied, objected and expired trademarks. A trademark search of the trademark database will provide the user with valuable information relating the trademark search query. How to do a Trademark Search To do a trademark search in India, visit the trademark search database using a web browser. Trademark Search Website Select Wordmark as the Search Type at the top of the page. Enter the wordmark you would like to search the trademark database with. The trademark database can be compared against the search query on three conditions – “start with”, “contains” and “match with”. Start with will display all entries in the trademark search database that start with the value provided for search. Contains will display all entries in the trademark search database that contains the value provided for search. Match with will display all entries in the trademark search database that matches with the value provided for search. Enter the class of trademark that is applicable. Trademarks are divided into 45 classes with each class representing a distinct group of goods or service. A registered trademark or trademark application will only be pertinent to the class under which it was applied for. Click search to begin the trademark search. Understanding Trademark Search Results In the following illustrated example, the results for trademark search of the word “Ford” under Class 12 (Class 12 pertains to vehicles) is displayed. Trademark Search Results The trademark search results page above displays a list of all the trademarks that start with the word “Ford” registered under class 12. It is no surprise that Ford Motor Company of Canada Limited is the owner of the wordmark “Ford” under class 12. Selecting the option “show details” would display information pertaining to the trademark application number, application date, owner information, trademark validity date, trademark used since date and a description. A search could bring up a number of matches and understanding the trademark search status is essential for interpreting the implications. If, a trademark search returns “no matches found” then there are no registered or applied trademarks that matches the query. Further, search of the trademark database for the same query with a different match type or a modified query is then recommended. It is important to note that for a trademark to be registered, it must not similar to any existing trademarks. For trademark registration or trademark search in India, visit India Filings.com Want to Consult a Trademark Expert? India Filings provides the entire range of services required to register and maintain protection for your intellectual property assets. We can help you register trademarks, copyrights, designs and patents. We can also help you with trademark objection or trademark opposition. G
What Is a Hard Inquiry? If not disputed or removed, the hard credit inquiries will stay on your credit report for up to two years, and each time the hard pull is made, it can be reported by any or all three of credit bureaus—Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion depending on the credit pull.
2018 WWE Wrestlers Salaries & Contract Details (Revealed) With the professional contract wrestlers get basic yearly salary plus bonuses and traveling allowances. According to WWE the average wrestler on the roster makes between $500,000 to $1 million a year in basic salary. We take a look at WWE’s current contract and how much each wrestler makes in 2017.
How do I download a torrent with IDM more than 1gb file?
NBC Sports Group Home “The Champion” Reaches No. 1 on iTunes Top Songs in All Genres Upon Release Earlier This Month. STAMFORD, Conn. – January 29, 2018 – Seven-time Grammy Award-winner and multi-platinum recording artist Carrie Underwood’s “The Champion” will open NBC’s
9.8 m/s^2. That's the acceleration due to gravity at the surface of the Earth, so as long as the planet decelerates faster than that everything on the leading edge will overcome gravity. Everything on the trailing edge, of course, will experience up to 2g.
How to freshen up before a date in college
Guinea-Bissau is warm all year around and there is little temperature fluctuation; it averages 26.3 °C (79.3 °F). The average rainfall for Bissau is 2,024 millimetres (79.7 in) although this is almost entirely accounted for during the rainy season which falls between June and September/October. From December through April, the country experiences drought.
Like was stated by the other commenter it's states of arousal. Your immune system absolutely responds to hormones and becomes more or less active based on them. There are times that you would want a suppressed or hyper-active immune system so it makes sense to have it be variable. A heightened immune system during stress is your bodies way of prepping to prevent infection from an injury received in a struggle. Your body can't tell the difference between the type and nature of various stressors so it behaves the same to work stress as it would to someone trying to stab you to death, more or less. A suppressed immune system is particularly useful for women when they initially become pregnant, to prevent the body from killing the zygote before it has time to imbed itself in the wall of the uterus. Also your body will selectively suppress your immune system for certain organs, like your eyes, because it would react negatively to the organ itself if it was at full strength.
Eating Dandelions Dandelion root can by ground and used as a substitute for coffee, and dandelion flowers can be used in recipes and for garnish. The French have a well-known soup called creme de pissenlits (cream of dandelion soup), which is easy to make, as is Dandelion Syrup.andelion root can by ground and used as a substitute for coffee, and dandelion flowers can be used in recipes and for garnish. The French have a well-known soup called creme de pissenlits (cream of dandelion soup), which is easy to make, as is Dandelion Syrup.
- Watermelons are also rich in vitamin A, C and fiber. Depending on how you slice it, watermelon contains: 1 cup diced watermelon: 46 calories, 0.6 grams fiber, 11.6 grams carbohydrates. 1 cup watermelon balls: 46 calories, 0.6 grams fiber, 11.6 grams carbohydrates.
Atlantic Media Atlantic Media is an American print and online media company owned by David G. Bradley and based in the Watergate in Washington, D.C. The company publishes several prominent news magazines and digital publications including "The Atlantic," "Quartz", "Government Executive", "Defense One" and those belonging to its National Journal Group subsidiary: "National Journal", "The Hotline", "National Journal Daily" (previously known as "Congress Daily"), and "Technology Daily". The National Journal Group also publishes books and directories, the most known of which is the biennial "Almanac of American Politics".
Season Season From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from First day of winter)navigation search For other uses, see Season (disambiguation). Part of the nature series Weather Calendar seasons Winter Spring Summer Autumn Tropical seasons Dry season Wet season Storms Cloud Cumulonimbus cloud Arcus cloud Downburst Microburst Heat burst Dust storm Simoom Haboob Monsoon Gale Sirocco Firestorm Lightning Supercell Thunderstorm Severe thunderstorm Thundersnow Storm surge Tornado Cyclone Mesocyclone Anticyclone Tropical cyclone (Hurricane)Extratropical cyclone European windstorm Atlantic Hurricane Typhoon Derecho Landspout Dust devil Fire whirl Waterspout Winter storm Ice storm Blizzard Ground blizzard Snowsquall Precipitation Drizzle ( Freezing drizzle) Graupel Hail Ice pellets ( Diamond dust) Rain ( Freezing rain) Cloudburst Snow Rain and snow mixed Snow grains Snow roller Slush Topics Air pollution Atmosphere Chemistry Convection Physics River Climate Cloud Physics Fog Cold wave Heat wave Jet stream Meteorology Severe weather List Extreme Weather forecasting Weather portalv t e A season is a division of the year [1] marked by changes in weather, ecology, and amount of daylight. Seasons result from Earth's orbit around the Sun and Earth 's axial tilt relative to the ecliptic plane. [2] [3] In temperate and polar regions, the seasons are marked by changes in the intensity of sunlight that reaches the Earth's surface, variations of which may cause animals to undergo hibernation or to migrate, and plants to be dormant. Red and green trees in autumn (fall)During May, June, and July, the Northern Hemisphere is exposed to more direct sunlight because the hemisphere faces the Sun. The same is true of the Southern Hemisphere in November, December, and January. It is Earth's axial tilt that causes the Sun to be higher in the sky during the summer months, which increases the solar flux. However, due to seasonal lag, June, July, and August are the warmest months in the Northern Hemisphere while December, January, and February are the warmest months in the Southern Hemisphere. In temperate and subpolar regions, four calendar -based seasons are generally recognized: spring, summer, autumn or fall, and winter. Ecologists often use a six-season model for temperate climate regions: prevernal, vernal, estival, serotinal, autumnal, and hibernal. Many tropical regions have two seasons: the rainy, wet, or monsoon season and the dry season. Some have a third cool, mild, or harmattan season. Seasons often held special significance for agrarian societies, whose lives revolved around planting and harvest times, and the change of seasons was often attended by ritual. A deciduous tree in winter The six ecological seasons The four calendar seasons, depicted in an ancient Roman mosaic from Tunisia. In some parts of the world, some other "seasons" capture the timing of important ecological events such as hurricane season, tornado season, and wildfire season. [ citation needed] The most historically important of these are the three seasons— flood, growth, and low water —which were previously defined by the former annual flooding of the Nile in Egypt. A deciduous tree in autumn (fall)Contents [ hide ]1 Causes and effects1.1 Axis tilt1.2 Elliptical Earth orbit1.3 Maritime and hemispheric1.4 Tropics1.5 Mid-latitude thermal lag2 Four-season calendar reckoning2.1 Meteorological2.2 Astronomical2.2.1 Variation due to calendar misalignment2.2.2 Change over time2.3 Solar3 Six-season calendar reckoning4 Polar day and night5 Non-calendar-based reckoning5.1 Modern mid-latitude ecological5.2 Tropical ecological5.3 Indigenous ecological6 "Official" designations7 See also8 References9 External links Causes and effects [ edit]Illumination of Earth at each change of astronomical season Fig. 1 This diagram shows how the tilt of Earth's axis aligns with incoming sunlight around the winter solstice of the Northern Hemisphere. Regardless of the time of day (i.e. the Earth's rotation on its axis), the North Pole will be dark, and the South Pole will be illuminated; se
Concurrent Powers Concurrent Powers. Concurrent powers (shared powers) - powers granted to the national government by the Constitution, but not denied to the states. One example is the right to lay and collect taxes.
Later fresco replaced the more labor-intensive technique of mosaic in Western-Europe, although mosaics were sometimes used as decoration on medieval cathedrals. The Royal Basilica of the Hungarian kings in Székesfehérvár (Alba Regia) had a mosaic decoration in the apse. It was probably a work of Venetian or Ravennese craftsmen, executed in the first decades of the 11th century. The mosaic was almost totally destroyed together with the basilica in the 17th century. The Golden Gate of the St. Vitus Cathedral in Prague got its name from the golden 14th-century mosaic of the Last Judgement above the portal. It was executed by Venetian craftsmen.
GB-UK: The Upgraded Education Programme for New ESCIT Team Recruits - Consultancy Competency Description: 1. There is a need to deliver an upgraded education package for new Equipment Support Continuous Improvement Team (ESCIT) recruits. ESCIT is a DE&S internal consultancy group specialising in Support Systems Engineering. 2. It consists of 2 Delivery Phases, Directed Learning (S1) & Coaching through simulation (S2) 3. The Programme uses Management Consultancy competences below: a. Client Focus b. Building/Sustaining Relationships c. Applying Expertise/Knowledge d. Achieving Sustainable Results e. Market Capability/Knowledge 4. To enable the necessary upgrade for the programme requires an opportunity to practise hard & soft skills to situational leadership S2 (Coaching & Simulation) standards in a challenging & safe training environment. 5. Delivery Phases require: i. Directed Learning (S1) Delivery of a Level 5 directed learning programme accredited with CMI & IC. Suitable assessment of delegates for award of CMI Level 5 Certificate in Professional Consulting (QCF). (CMI Code 5C26. Qual ref number 600/4448/2) ii. Coaching through simulation (S2) Delivery of 3 live simulation events: a. Foundations of Consultative Communication.b. Managing/Influencing the Client Relationship.c. Final Simulation/Skills Practice. Delivered by suitably qualified & experienced personnel to practise hard & soft skills to situational leadership S2 (Coaching & Simulation) standards in a challenging yet safe training environment. Formal Observation & individual coaching feedback by suitably qualified & experienced personnel for all delegates covering all Management Consultancy competences. 6. Education package to 9 ESCIT recruits & cater for other client personal loaned for specific tasks. 7. Delivery package to include a programme review activity to confirm the effectiveness of the delivery design. 8. Reviews to be complete 31 Mar 16. 9. E of I's are sought from companies demonstrating previous capability in the delivery of combined S1/S2 training packages. Responses to demonstrate this proven capability. Responses that fail to provide sufficient evidence will not be invited to tender. Documents attached are a copy of what would be issued at ITT & are subject to change. Suppliers must read this set of instructions/follow the process to respond to this opportunity. The info/documents for this opportunity are available on http://www.contracts.mod.uk/delta. You must register on this site to respond, if you are already registered you will not need to register again, simply use your existing username and password. Please note there is a password reminder link on the homepage. Suppliers must log in go to your Response Manager & add Access Code: A95W65T5Z6. Deadline for submitting your response is 12/11/15 00:00. Ensure you allow yourself time when responding to this invite prior to closing date/time esp if you have been asked to upload documents. Any problems refer to online FAQ's or User Guides or contact MOD DCO Helpdesk email - support@contracts.mod.uk or call 0800 282 324 
XView 3 Ports
Cetyl myristoleate Cetyl myristoleate is a chemical compound which is a type of fatty acid ester or, more specifically, a cetylated fatty acid (CFA). It is the cetyl ester of myristoleic acid.Although it is used as a dietary supplement, there is little clinical evidence to support a benefit for any medical condition.etyl myristoleate is a chemical compound which is a type of fatty acid ester or, more specifically, a cetylated fatty acid (CFA). It is the cetyl ester of myristoleic acid.
Reactive Arthritis Menu Close Health Topics Arthritis and Rheumatic Diseases Ankylosing Spondylitis Autoimmune Diseases Autoinflammatory Diseases Arthritis Arthritis and Rheumatic Diseases Behçet’s Disease Giant Cell Arteritis Gout Heritable Disorders of Connective Tissue Juvenile Arthritis Lupus Polymyalgia Rheumatica Reactive Arthritis Psoriatic Arthritis Rheumatoid Arthritis Scleroderma Sjögren’s Syndrome Muscle and Bone Diseases Skin Diseases All Diseases and Conditions Kids Pages Grants & Funding Labs @ NIAMSClinical Trials News Room About NIAMSAsian Language Publications Portal en espanol Community Outreach Initiative Health Topics English Español Reactive Arthritis Basics In-Depth Download What is it? Who gets it? What are the symptoms? What causes it? Is there a test? More What is it? Points To Remember About Reactive Arthritis Reactive arthritis is pain or swelling in a joint caused by an infection in your body. You may also have red, swollen eyes and a swollen urinary tract. Doctors may use a combination of tests to confirm that you have reactive arthritis. Symptoms are usually treated with medications that reduce inflammation, fight infection, and stop your immune system from attacking its own tissues. Exercise can reduce joint pain and stiffness. It can also help you lose weight to reduce stress on joints. Reactive arthritis is pain or swelling in a joint that is caused by an infection in your body. You may also have red, swollen eyes and a swollen urinary tract. These symptoms may occur alone, together, or not at all. Most people with reactive arthritis recover fully from the first flare of symptoms and can return to regular activities two to six months later. Some people will have long-term, mild arthritis. A few patients will have long-term, severe arthritis that is difficult to control with treatment and may cause joint damage. Join a Clinical Trial Find a Clinical Trial Related Information Artritis reactiva: Esenciales: hojas informativas de fácil lectura View/Download/Order Publications Reactive Arthritis, Easy-to-Read Fast Facts Arthritis, Living With: Health Information Basics for You and Your Family Knee Problems, Questions and Answers about Reactive Arthritis, Questions and Answers Last Reviewed: 10/30/2016Back to Top 
Smith Act From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Smith Act Other short titles Civilian and Military Organizations License Act Long title An Act to prohibit certain subversive activities; to amend certain provisions of law with respect to the admission and deportation of aliens; to require the fingerprinting and registration of aliens; and for other purposes. Acronyms (colloquial)ARANicknames Alien Registration Act, 1940Enacted by the 76th United States Congress Effective June 28, 1940Citations Public law 76-670Statutes at Large 54 Stat. 670, Chapter 439Codification Acts repealed Repealed. June 27, 1952, ch. 477, title IV, § 403 (a) (39), 66 Stat. 280, eff. Dec. 24, 1952 [1]Titles amended 8 U. S. C.: Aliens and Nationality U. S. C. sections created 8 U. S. C. ch. 10 § 451Legislative history Introduced in the House as H. R. 5138 by Howard W. Smith ( D – VA) on June 29, 1939Committee consideration by House Judiciary, Senate Judiciary Passed the House on July 29, 1939 (Passed)Passed the Senate on June 15, 1940 (Passed)Reported by the joint conference committee on June 17, 1940; agreed to by the House on June 22, 1940 ( 382-4) and by the Senate on June 22, 1940 (Agreed)Signed into law by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on June 28, 1940United States Supreme Court cases Bridges v. Wixon Dennis v. United States Yates v. United States Watkins v. United States Scales v. United States Part of a series on Socialism in the United States History [hide]Utopian socialism New Harmony Brook Farm Oneida Community Icarians Bishop Hill Commune Progressive Era St. Louis Commune1912 Lawrence Textile Strike Labor unionisation Women's suffrage Haymarket affair May Day Green Corn Rebellion Repression and persecution Espionage Act of 1917 First Red Scare American Defense Society American Protective League Seattle General Strike Communist Party USA and African Americans Communism in the Labor Movement 1919–37Communism in the Labor Movement 1937–50 Mc Carthyism Smith Act / Smith Act trials John Birch Society Civil rights / anti-War movements COINTELPRO New Left Great Society War on Poverty Poor People's Campaign Black Power movement Active parties [show]Defunct parties [show]Literature [show]Related topics [show]Socialism portal United States portalv t e The Alien Registration Act, popularly known as the Smith Act, 76th United States Congress, 3d session, ch. 439, 54 Stat. 670, 18 U. S. C. § 2385 is a United States federal statute that was enacted on June 29, 1940. It set criminal penalties for advocating the overthrow of the U. S. government and required all non- citizen adult residents to register with the government. Approximately 215 people were indicted under the legislation, including alleged communists, anarchists, and fascists. Prosecutions under the Smith Act continued until a series of U. S. Supreme Court decisions in 1957 [2] reversed a number of convictions under the Act, as unconstitutional. The law has been amended several times. Contents [ hide ]1 Legislative history2 Provisions3 Alien registration4 Legal proceedings4.1 Harry Bridges4.2 Minneapolis 19414.3 Nazi sympathizers and racists4.3.1 Crusader White Shirts4.3.2 Washington 19444.4 Communist Party trials5 See also6 Footnotes7 External links Legislative history [ edit]The U. S. government has attempted on several occasions to regulate speech in wartime, beginning with the Alien and Sedition Acts of 1798. During and following World War I, a series of statutes addressed a complex of concerns that included enemy espionage and disruption, anti-war activism, and the radical ideologies of anarchism and Bolshevism, all identified with immigrant communities. Congressional investigations of 'extremist' organizations in 1935 resulted in calls for the renewal of those statutes. The Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 addressed a particular concern, but not the general problem. [3] As U. S. involvement in the European war seemed ever more likely, the possibility of betrayal from within gained currency. The Spanish Civil War had given this possibility a name, a fifth column,
Question regarding two domain names pointing to the same website with dynamic content.
 church marriage religions society gender family house believes reproductive Opposition have conveniently glossed over one critical issue in this debate – that the RH Bill has significant popular support [i] . It also, as has been demonstrated that a majority of elected representatives support it. In itself these two facts provide evidence that modern Filipinos are sick of the fact that around half of the 3.4 million pregnancies each year are unplanned or the atrocious reality that 90,000 women a year seek the help of back street abortionists. When many of these go wrong, they were denied access to medical care and around 1,000 die each year as a result [ii] .

The values for the respect for the life of the mother, the value of life of the child, respect for the opinions of the majority, respect for democracy and placing the future of individuals and society above the outdated mythology of the Church would seem to be alive and well in the decision to pass this bill.

[i] Rauhala, Emily, ‘Culture Wars: After a decade of debate, the Philippines passes Reproductive Health Bill’, Time, 17 December 2012. http://world.time.com/2012/12/17/culture-wars-after-a-decade-of-debate-the-philippines-passes-reproductive-health-bill/

[ii] Ibid.

Gayageum Kayagum or Gayageum is the Korean version of the East Asian horizontal harp zither. The traditional ones have 12 strings made of silk materials. It is tuned into pentatnoic scale. The modern ones have 23 or 25 strings made of tetron materials. They are generally tuned in diatonic scale that are capable for playing western songs and modern compositions. All Items are free shipping within the United States, except HI and AK.
This comment is not toxic.
How to Defeat ISIS: The Case for U.S. Ground Forces
Laser Eye Surgery Cost vs. Contacts and Eye Glasses Cost Laser Eye Surgery Cost vs. Contacts and Eye Glasses Cost July 18, 2013Laser eye surgery cost is one of the most common questions amoung those considering the surgery. The average national cost of LASIK is about $2,000 per eye, though that varies slightly based on geography, technology and experience. Americans spend nearly $30 billion a year on eye products and services. Many people wonder how the one-time cost of laser eye surgery compares to the lifetime costs of eyeglasses, contact lenses and incidentals including eye solution. Everyone’s costs of eye care are unique, due to factors such as vision prescription and geographic influence on cost of living, but average costs shed light on a realistic comparison. Average cost of laser eye surgery The laser eye surgery cost varies in price per eye from about $1,000 to $4,000. Anything less than $1,000 per eye should be cautiously approached for many reasons, such as the provider possibly lacking the latest, safest technology. The cost of laser eye surgery typically includes all expenses, from pre-surgery consultation to post-surgery follow-up care. On average, the total cost of LASIK for both eyes ranges from $3,900 to $4,500. Most insurance plans do not cover the cost of LASIK eye surgery, but some offer their members discounts. Assume the cost of LASIK is about $4,500. Will you save money in the long run? Compare LASIK cost to lifetime contact lens cost: When will I save? Yes, someone who wears contacts will almost certainly save money by having LASIK. A conservative, average cost of contacts per year is generally about $240, though this can vary widely. People with astigmatism or who prefer certain contact lenses to others might pay more, for example. But over 20 years, a person paying this average price spends about $4,500 on contacts, assuming there is no inflation, which would increase the cost of contacts. Thus, LASIK pays for itself in 20 years or sooner with inflation. In 30 years, laser eye surgery will have paid for itself and saved the person about $2,700, or more with inflation. People who wear eye glasses spend less money than those who wear contacts. (Fun fact: People who wear both spend most.) Eye glasses cost about $196 on average, though you can find pairs as cheap as $8 on Zenni Optical or upwards of $600 for designer brands and special lenses. It is estimated each adult replaces his or her eye glasses every two to three years. Ten pairs purchased over two or three decades cost around $2,000—comparable to the cost of LASIK for one eye. Someone in his 20s who buys a pair of $200 glasses every two years will therefore make back the cost of LASIK eye surgery in his 60s, or sooner with inflation. Laser eye surgery patients enjoy some non-monetary benefits, too. They may be able to lie down to read or watch TV without eye glasses poking their faces, buy more fashionable sunglasses, go to bed without removing contacts, and wake up any time of morning and read the alarm clock and shampoo bottle. It’s hard to put a price on these luxuries. Paying a little bit more for the vision correction option that is right for you is important. It’s also important to remember that laser eye surgery, such as LASIK or PRK, does not guarantee complete independence from eye glasses or contacts. Most adults, for instance, need reading glasses when they reach a certain age. In addition, your lifetime eye care costs will vary from these averages. It’s worth calculating your annual costs to determine what portion of that $30 billion you contribute. FIND A LASIK PROVIDER NEAR YOUSTART HERE: 
What's the best online course to learn Portuguese?
- How to request Uber at IAH. 1  1. Select your vehicle type If you're traveling in a group or have extra bags, consider a high-capacity vehicle like uberXL or UberSUV. 2  2. Confirm your pickup location There are 5 terminals at IAH, but you can only request from Terminals A, B, C, and E.
Geostationary orbits are all over the equator. This would lead to sight line issues if you want to use GPS away from the equator. I live on a north facing hill in Canada so I can't get satellite TV signals. The only potential advantage to geostationary GPS satellites would be a few fewer lines of code in the receiver as the relative positions of the satellites don't change over time. The signals would be harder to receive and the costs to get the satellites into orbit would be much higher. Cost/benefit doesn't work out.
Your Heart Rate Your Heart Rate In this Article What Is Your Pulse? How Do I Take My Pulse? What Is a Normal Pulse? What Is Maximum Heart Rate? What Is Target Heart Rate? What Is Your Pulse? Your pulse is your heart rate, or the number of times your heart beats in one minute. Heart rates vary from person to person. Your pulse is lower when you’re at rest and higher when you exercise. Knowing how to take your pulse can help you evaluate your exercise program. If you are taking heart medications, recording your pulse daily and reporting the results to your doctor can help him see if your treatment is working. How Do I Take My Pulse? Place the tips of your index and middle finger on the palm side of your other wrist, below the base of the thumb. Or place the tips of your index and middle finger on your lower neck, on either side of your windpipe. Press lightly with your fingers until you feel the blood pulsing beneath your fingers. You may need to move your fingers around until you feel the pulsing. Count the beats you feel for 10 seconds. Multiply this number by six to get your heart rate (or pulse) per minute. What Is a Normal Pulse? A normal resting heart rate is usually 60-100 beats per minute. Your number may vary. Children tend to have higher resting heart rates than adults. What Is Maximum Heart Rate? The maximum heart rate is, on average, the highest your pulse can get. To calculate your predicted maximum heart rate, use this formula: Continue Reading Belowyou might like220 - Your Age = Predicted Maximum Heart Rate For example, a 40-year-old's predicted maximum heart rate is about 180 beats per minute. Your actual maximum heart rate can be determined by a graded exercise test. If you are taking medicines or have a medical condition (such as heart disease, high blood pressure, or diabetes ), ask your doctor if your maximum heart rate (and target heart rate) should be adjusted. What Is Target Heart Rate? You gain the most benefits when you exercise in your ''target heart rate zone.'' Usually, this is when your exercise heart rate (pulse) is 60%-80% of your maximum heart rate. In some cases, your doctor may decrease your target heart rate zone to begin with 50%.1 2 View All 
"What were Nixon's strategies to end the vietnam war in ""peace with honor""?" Nixon wanted 'Peace with Honour' in which he would withdraw all U.S forces from Vietnam within 60 days and that the North Vietnamese would hand over all U.S prisoners of war. Nixon had made a pledge in 1968 to make an honourable end to the war. But of course the prestige of the U.S as a superpower was on the line.
Beyoncé and husband Jay Z are friends with President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. She performed "America the Beautiful" at the 2009 presidential inauguration, as well as "At Last" during the first inaugural dance at the Neighborhood Ball two days later. Beyoncé and Jay Z held a fundraiser at the latter's 40/40 Club in Manhattan for Obama's 2012 presidential campaign which raised $4 million. Beyoncé uploaded pictures of her paper ballot on Tumblr, confirming she had voted in support for the Democratic Party and to encourage others to do so. She also performed the American national anthem at his second inauguration, singing along with a pre-recorded track. She publicly endorsed same sex marriage on March 26, 2013, after the Supreme Court debate on California's Proposition 8. In July 2013, Beyoncé and Jay-Z attended a rally in response to the acquittal of George Zimmerman for the shooting of Trayvon Martin.
3 Day Military Diet It will be just fine! Most cake mixes only use 1 or 2 eggs anyway. Replace the water with milk if you have it and then either add an extra dash of oil or just go ahead and replace the oil with melted butter. You'll never miss that egg.
What Climate Do Pandas Live In? According to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, giant pandas live in temperate forest areas with dense stands of bamboo. They spend most of their time in locations with altitudes of 1,000 to... According to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, giant pandas live in temperate forest areas with dense stands of bamboo. They spend most of their time in locations with altitudes of 1,000 to... Star Gazing
Earth's Greenhouse Gases This animation shows how a carbon dioxide molecule vibrates when it absorbs heat. Courtesy of UCAR (LEARN and COMET)Related links: Climate and Global Change Earth's Greenhouse Effect Movie: Explanation of Greenhouse Gases and Greenhouse Effect A New Plan Help Earth’s Changing Climate Happenings at the Copenhagen Climate Summit Earth's Greenhouse Gases Even though only a tiny amount of the gases in Earth’s atmosphere are greenhouse gases, they have a huge effect on climate. There are several different types of greenhouse gases. The major ones are carbon dioxide, water vapor, methane, and nitrous oxide. All of these have molecules with three or more atoms. The atoms are held together loosely enough that they vibrate when they absorb heat. Eventually, the vibrating molecule will release the radiation. The radiation will likely be absorbed by another greenhouse gas molecule. This process, which keeps heat near the Earth’s surface, is called the greenhouse effect. Almost all of the other gases in Earth’s atmosphere are nitrogen and oxygen. The two atoms in these molecules are bound together tightly and unable to vibrate, so they cannot absorb heat and contribute to the greenhouse effect. Last modified February 1, 2010 by Randy Russell. Shop Windows to the Universe Science Store!The Fall 2009 issue of The Earth Scientist, which includes articles on student research into building design for earthquakes and a classroom lab on the composition of the Earth’s ancient atmosphere, is available in our online store. 
Bob Valesente Bob Valesente (born July 19, 1940) is a former American football player and coach. He played college football at Ithaca College and spent more than 35 years as a football coach. He was the head coach of the Kansas Jayhawks football team from 1986 to 1987 and has also served as an assistant football coach in the National Football League with the Baltimore Colts (secondary and special teams, 1982–1983), Pittsburgh Steelers (linebackers coach, 1990–1991), Green Bay Packers (linebackers coach, 1992–1994; defensive backs, 1995–1998), and Carolina Panthers (defensive backs, 1999).
Tomatoes California is the leading producer of all tomatoes in the United States, accounting for 96 percent of U.S. processing tomato output and one-third of the fresh crop. Fresh-market tomatoes are produced across the State in each season except winter.
Urine and Urinalysis (The Composition of Urine) Other physical characteristics that can apply to urine include colour, turbidity (transparency), smell (odour), pH (acidity-alkalinity), and density. Colour: Typically yellow-amber but varies according to recent diet and the concentration of the urine.
Shane McMahon Net Worth, Height, Bio, Facts He’s slated to take on The Undertaker in WrestleMania 32. Shane McMahon is 6ft 2in tall and has a net worth of $35 million. He married film producer “Marissa Mazzola” in 1996 and they have three children, Declan, Kenyan and Rogan. Shane’s younger sister, Stephanie McMahon, is married to wrestler Triple-H.
Literature / Words of Radiance Watch Edit Page Add Review Related Discussion History More Share Literature / Words of Radiance Awesome Characters Fridge Funny Headscratchers Heartwarming Literature Nightmare Fuel Quotes Tear Jerker WMG YMMV Create New WARNING: Late Arrival Spoilers abound for The Way of Kings. Shallan: It's not a lie, if everyone understands and knows what it means. Pattern: Mm. Those are some of the best lies. Words of Radiance is the second book in Brandon Sanderson's Epic Fantasy series The Stormlight Archive, taking place on the world of Roshar, characterized by its Hostile Weather and Giant Enemy Crabs. Just as The Way of Kings focused on Kaladin, Words of Radiance centers around Shallan Davar, former Impoverished Patrician and current scholar of Roshar's ancient history, which is becoming more relevant to the realm with each passing day. At the end of The Way of Kings, Shallan and Jasnah concluded the Parshmen used as manual labor across Roshar are the Voidbringers, ancient monsters who routinely attack civilization until driven back by the Knights Radiant, who betrayed humanity and vanished thousands of years ago. They set out to the Shattered Plains to meet with Jasnah's family, who lead the continuing war against the Parshmen's violent cousins, the Parshendi. However, a twist of fate leaves Shallan alone with nothing but her notes and her new, poorly understood Surgebinding powers, weeks away from her destination. Dalinar Kholin, Highprince of War, has abandoned his position on the front lines of battle for an even more dangerous one in politics. Confronted with cryptic visions predicting a coming Desolation, Dalinar attempts to unite the Alethi Highprinces to combine their strength and decisively crush the Parshendi. Unfortunately, he is seen either as a fool or insane by most of his peers, and announcing his intention to refound the Knights Radiant has only made his job more difficult. After rescuing Dalinar's forces when they were betrayed by Highprince Sadeas, Kaladin and his bridgemen are employed as the personal bodyguards of the royal family, putting them in an awkward political position and heaping more responsibility on Kaladin than he deems himself fit to bear. Even though he has sworn to protect their king, Kaladin continues to grapple with his hatred of lighteyes, made worse when some of his personal demons resurface on the Shattered Plains. Meanwhile, Szeth-son-son-Vallano, the Assassin in White, the Shardbearer who killed Gavilar Kholin and plunged Alethkar into war with the Parshendi, has been given new orders by Taravangian: Assassinate Highprince Dalinar. This book provides examples of: Abusive Parents: As a Shallan-centric book, we get more detail on her father. To be specific: Shallan's mother attempted to kill her due to her Surgebinder powers; Shallan killed her mother with her Shardblade on instinct, after which her father willingly took the blame... which led to him becoming a rage-filled, abusive, broken man who eventually had to be killed by Shallan (by strangling with a necklace that had been his gift to her) in order to stop him from beating one of her brothers to death. An Aesop: A simple but important one: Just because the world would be better off without someone doesn't mean they deserve to die. Elhokar is a terrible king and should probably step down in favor of Dalinar, but he is not an evil man—just a short-sighted and impulsive one. With time and help, he can become a great king. Apologizes a Lot: Shallan, as befitting her meek nature. Jasnah: You still blush too easily when confronted. Shallan: I'm sorry. Jasnah: And apologize too easily as well. Shallan: I'm... uh, indignant? Alien Geometries: Pattern's form is described this way. One fan, commenting on the teaser chapter in which Pattern is described, said he sounds like "a fractal Chalkling. "And I Must Scream: Eshonai (and by implication the rest of her people) when she changes to stormform. Every time she attunes to the Rhythm of Peace, the Voidbringer she has become can hear her true self screaming. She 
- The nearest mainline train station to Nerja is Malaga. There is a Cercania service that operates from Fuengirola to other localities, it also connects to Málaga Train Station. There is an underground service that connects Malaga Airport to the city centre, where it is easy to catch a connecting bus straight to Nerja.
Home Remedies for Cutting Thick Toenails Cutting thick toenails is easier to perform with a little softening. Soak your feet in warm water for five to 10 minutes, depending on the thickness of your nails. You do not want your toenails to become so soft that they rip; nail bed injuries, hang nails and ingrown shards of nail that poke into your skin can result.
All salt is "Sea Salt". If you refine it from ocean water, it's sea salt. If you mine it, it's from sea that dried up a very long time away. Himalayan Sea Salt, is from sea that dried up quite a while ago near the Himalayas.  Different colors are the result of different minerals mixed in with the sodium and chlorine. Those variances can offer some slight differences in flavor, but unless salt is the star of the dish, and you've got one hell of a pallet, you're not going to taste a difference.
Hi OP. As /u/Khajor mentioned, your bonus question violates this subreddit's ["20 year rule"](_URL_1_), so do kindly remove it. I'd recommend /r/AskSocialScience for that or both questions.
Your initial premise is wrong, the pull of the earth is not instantaneous. Say the sun disappeared, we would not see this for 8 minutes as the light has not reached us but importantly we would remain orbiting the point where the sun was for 8 minutes because gravity can only propagate out at the speed of light.
homosexual issues in Christianity
It depends on the shot. Sometimes that might actually be a gun firing at a target that's off-camera somewhere. Other times, it could be a prop that's specifically made to have a shell spit out and a belt of fake bullets fed in through some hidden mechanism (if it were me, I'd use a "sandbag" to have a tub of casings and somewhere for the belt to go, for example) Other times, it could be a blank or squib round. Part of the job of the crew is to figure out what's appropriate and safe for the shot they're doing.
Krio language English with other characters, he speaks Krio with his mother. Aaronovitch includes some such conversations in his text, leaving the reader to puzzle out what was said. Krio language Sierra Leonean Creole or Krio is an English-based creole language that is lingua franca and de facto national language spoken throughout the West African nation of Sierra Leone. Krio is spoken by 87% of Sierra Leone's population and unites the different ethnic groups in the country, especially in their trade and social interaction with each other. Krio is the primary language of communication among Sierra Leoneans at home and abroad. The
12 Ways to Save Big on Groceries and Shop on a Budget However, in her book Zero Debt, Lynnette Khalfani-Cox suggests that a family of four can aim to spend only $125 per week on groceries. That means aiming to spend $125 per person on food each month rather than the Canadian average of $241.owever, in her book Zero Debt, Lynnette Khalfani-Cox suggests that a family of four can aim to spend only $125 per week on groceries. That means aiming to spend $125 per person on food each month rather than the Canadian average of $241.
Texas  State Literacy Plan Home / Academics / Subject Areas / English Language Arts and Reading Texas Literacy Initiative The goal of the Texas Literacy Initiative (TLI) is to ensure that every Texas child is strategically prepared for college and career literacy demands by high school graduation. The TLI integrates and aligns early language and preliteracy skills for children from infancy to school entry. For students in grades K–12, the TLI emphasizes reading and writing instruction. A local collaborative of secondary schools, elementary schools, and the feeder preschools and programs that serve a community's children is called a "Literacy Line." Integrating and aligning language development and literacy instruction across the infancy through grade 12 continuum requires communication and collaboration. Discussions among educators within a Literacy Line should focus on instruction that has been shown to work. This page provides information and state-endorsed resources for building a solid foundation of research-based instructional practices, systems, and guidelines. Join the TLI mailing list and receive updates as more information becomes available. Texas State Literacy Plan The Texas State Literacy Plan (TSLP) is a guide for creating comprehensive site- or campus-based literacy programs and is customized for three age- and grade-level groupings: (1) Infancy to School Entry, (2) Kindergarten to Grade 5, and (3) Grade 6 to Grade 12. The TSLP supports educators in effectively teaching our state standards. Although the initial focus of the TSLP was on disadvantaged students, it can be used to advance the learning of all students. The TSLP is organized into a LASERS framework of six essential components: Leadership, Assessment, Standards-Based Instruction, Effective Instructional Framework, Reporting and Accountability, and Sustainability. Each component of the LASERS framework contains a set of key action steps at each age or grade level. Implementation ratings allow sites and campuses to assess their progress toward Sustainability as shown on the TSLP Resource Website. The TSLP was developed with funding from the Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy federal formula grant (2010–2012). Related Links The following links provide assistance for creating comprehensive literacy programs. The Texas State Literacy Plan Online Course (outside source) helps site- and campus-based leadership teams move toward full implementation of a comprehensive literacy plan. The Texas Education Agency (TEA) English Language Arts and Reading website provides information about curriculum, assessment, rules, and more for anyone who wants to provide high-quality English language arts and reading programs. Write for Texas (outside source) is a multi-course blended workshop for secondary teachers of all subject areas. It supports effective writing instruction for English language learners and students receiving special education services. The Early Childhood Education in Texas website provides information about early childhood education (infancy through prekindergarten) in Texas. The English Language Learners portal (outside source) provides guidance on assessments, certifications, instructional activities, and professional development opportunities of interest to educators of English language learners. The Dyslexia website contains links to information about dyslexia in Texas, where to find support for identifying dyslexia, and how to contact the dyslexia consultants at each of the 20 regional education service centers. Documents Texas State Literacy Plan (TSLP) Version 3.0 Draft (PDF, 14.4 MB)2014-2018 Commissioner's List of Reading Instruments (PDF, 995 KB)Texas Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy Grant Application (PDF, 209 KB)Texas Literacy Initiative Leadership Team Support Model (PDF 125KB) 
Lauryn Parenting / Baby Names / L / Boy / Lauryn Lauryn The name Lauryn is a baby boy name. Meaning Latin Meaning: The name Lauryn is a Latin baby name. In Latin the meaning of the name Lauryn is: From Laurentium; the place of the laurel trees; place of honor and victory. Feminine of Lawrence. Numerology Soul Urge Number: 4People with this name have a deep inner desire for order and physical creativity, and want to be involved in conventional, safe activities. Expression Number: 1People with this name tend to initiate events, to be leaders rather than followers, with powerful personalities. They tend to be focused on specific goals, experience a wealth of creative new ideas, and have the ability to implement these ideas with efficiency and determination. They tend to be courageous and sometimes aggressive. As unique, creative individuals, they tend to resent authority, and are sometimes stubborn, proud, and impatient. 
Revelation Theory (EP) Revelation Theory EP is the first EP by Rev Theory, who were at the time known as Revelation Theory, released in 2004 independently. The songs have a rougher sound, as this was likely a demo.
Since 1st April 2007, it has been a legal requirement that all gas boilers installed in England and Wales must be condensing boilers When condensing boilers are working at peak efficiency, the water vapour produced in the combustion process condenses back into liquid form releasing the latent heat of vaporisation. A side effect is that this water, known as condensate, which is slightly acidic, has to be piped away to a drain or soak away.
- Interesting Information About Plant: The Euphorbia maculata (spotted spurge) is a plant native to North America.
- Winslow is the name of the downtown area of the city of Bainbridge Island, Washington, and is the original name of the city. It encompasses the area around the main street, Winslow Way, and is made up of approximately 1.5 square miles (3.9 km2) overlooking Eagle Harbor.
That's more of a philosophy question than science - it simply depends on how you view that common ancestry. Also, trace the ancestry back even further and we shared a common ancestor with plants as well - so by your argument, eating anything living at all would be cannibalism. Just some proverbial food for thought...
It's great to see how people handle issues on this sub
What's the best way to get high from eating weed and why?
Into the Wild  (book) Into Thin Air. Into the Wild is a 1996 non-fiction book written by Jon Krakauer. It is an expansion of a 9,000-word article by Krakauer on Christopher McCandless titled Death of an Innocent, which appeared in the January 1993 issue of Outside.
They're not. Unfortunately, a fairly large majority of pitbulls are located in lower-class, poverty stricken urban cities/neighborhoods. This could be because they have a large build compared to other breeds. But, because these dogs are usually trained to "protect" and "intimidate," it's just a case of classical conditioning. A pitbull pup is no more dangerous or unpredictable than a golden retriever pup. It's just a case of bad circumstance.
encryptowallet crypto currency digital paper wallets. A digital paper wallet is an offline cold storage method. It contains the information to both verify and retrieve digital currency loaded onto it. Digital currency is placed at an address in the currencies digital block chain, and the paper wallet has the only key to acquire and spend it.
Pros and Cons of Declaring Bankruptcy under Chapter 7 Pros and Cons of Declaring Bankruptcy under Chapter 7There's no question that deciding whether to declare bankruptcy is very difficult. It affects your future credit, your reputation and your self-image. It can also improve your short-term quality of life considerably, as the calls and letters stop. Here is a list of pros and cons to consider as you decide whether Chapter 7 bankruptcy is the best option for you. CONS PROSBankruptcy will ruin your credit for some time to come. A Chapter 7 bankruptcy can remain on your credit report for up to 10 years. Although a bankruptcy stays on your record for years, the time to complete the bankruptcy process under Chapter 7, from filing to relief from debt, takes only about 3-6 months. If you decide against Chapter 7 when it may be the right decision for you, your missed debt payments, defaults, repossessions, and lawsuits will also hurt your credit, and may be more complicated to explain to a future lender than bankruptcy. You will lose property that you own that is not exempt from sale by the bankruptcy trustee. You may lose some of your luxury possessions. Most state exemptions allow you enough so that most things you own will be exempt from bankruptcy, sometimes allowing more coverage to keep your property than you need. Additionally, you will get to keep the salary or wages you earn and the property you buy after you file for Chapter 7. You will lose all your credit cards. You may also be able to obtain new lines of credit within one to three years of filing bankruptcy, although at a much higher interest rate. Bankruptcy will make it nearly impossible to get a mortgage, if you don't already have one There are lenders who specialize in lending to "bad risks," although that is an unfair characterization to make of someone who has taken a major step to solve financial difficulties. Declaring bankruptcy now might make it harder to do later if something worse comes along. For instance, if you complete the bankruptcy process under Chapter 7, you cannot file for another Chapter 7 bankruptcy for six years. The six years is counted from the date you last filed for bankruptcy. Although, you can only file under Chapter 7 once every six years, you can always get a Chapter 13 plan if there is another disaster before you are entitled to file for Chapter 7 again. You may file for a Chapter 13 plan repeatedly, although each filing appears on your credit record. Bankruptcy will not relieve you of your obligations to pay alimony and/or child support. Bankruptcy will alleviate many of your other financial obligations, but only a family court order can suspend alimony and child support obligations. Bankruptcy will not get rid of your student loan debt. Bankruptcy will prevent your lenders from aggressive collection action. You will have to explain to a judge or trustee how you got into a financial mess. Both judges and trustees have heard far worse stories than yours. You cannot file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy if you previously went through bankruptcy proceedings under Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 within the last six years. If you obtained a Chapter 13 discharge in good faith after paying at least 70% of your unsecured debts, the six-year bar does not apply. You cannot file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy if a previous Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 case was dismissed within the past 180 days because:you violated a court order, ORyou requested the dismissal after a creditor asked for relief from the automatic stay You can avoid these harsh limitations against refiling for bankruptcy by observing all court orders and court rules, and by not asking to have your case dismissed when a creditor asks for relief from the stay. Even if these limitations apply to you, they don't last forever. You're only prevented from refiling for six months. You may still be obligated to pay some of your debts, such as a mortgage lien, even after bankruptcy proceedings are completed. If you don't owe money on the type of debts that survive bankruptcy, the amount and number of debts that a
In theory yes. Melanesians (I'm not sure how you are defining "black") have a blond gene among them that is not related to the European genes and works in a different way: _URL_0_
What Is Queso Fresco? Try queso fresco in place of feta or even goat cheese. It's great with egg dishes or as a garnish on chilled summer soups. One of our favorite ways to serve it is with watermelon and mint, for a light appetizer or dessert.Even better is with corn on the cob, lime, and butter (see below).in it. Queso fresco — fresh cheese — is a Mexican cheese, traditionally made from raw cow milk or a combination of cow and goat milk. In the States, we'll most likely find pasteurized versions.
Diabetic Nephropathy Diabetic Nephropathy In this Article What Is Diabetic Nephropathy? What Are the Symptoms of Diabetic Nephropathy? How Is Diabetic Nephropathy Diagnosed? How Is Diabetic Nephropathy Treated? What Is Diabetic Nephropathy? Diabetic nephropathy -- kidney disease that results from diabetes -- is the number one cause of kidney failure. Almost a third of people with diabetes develop diabetic nephropathy. People with diabetes and kidney disease do worse overall than people with kidney disease alone. This is because people with diabetes tend to have other long-standing medical conditions, like high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and blood vessel disease ( atherosclerosis ). People with diabetes also are more likely to have other kidney -related problems, such as bladder infections and nerve damage to the bladder. Kidney disease in type 1 diabetes is slightly different than in type 2 diabetes. In type 1 diabetes, kidney disease rarely begins in the first 10 years after diagnosis of diabetes. In type 2 diabetes, some patients already have kidney disease by the time they are diagnosed with diabetes. What Are the Symptoms of Diabetic Nephropathy? There are often no symptoms with early diabetic nephropathy. As the kidney function worsens, symptoms may include: Swelling of the hands, feet, and face Trouble sleeping or concentrating Poor appetite Nausea Weakness Itching (end-stage kidney disease) and extremely dry skin Drowsiness (end-stage kidney disease)Abnormalities in the hearts' regular rhythm, because of increased potassium in the blood Muscle twitching Continue Reading Belowyou might like As kidney damage progresses, your kidneys cannot remove the waste from your blood. The waste then builds up in your body and can reach poisonous levels, a condition known as uremia. People with uremia are often confused and occasionally become comatose. How Is Diabetic Nephropathy Diagnosed? Certain blood tests that look for specific blood chemistry can be used to diagnose kidney damage. It also can be detected early by finding protein in the urine. Treatments are available that can help slow progression to kidney failure. That's why you should have your urine tested every year if you have diabetes. How Is Diabetic Nephropathy Treated? Lowering blood pressure and maintaining blood sugar control are absolutely necessary to slow the progression of diabetic nephropathy. Some medicines called angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors can help slow down the progression of kidney damage. Although ACE inhibitors -- including ramipril ( Altace ), quinapril ( Accupril) , and lisinopril ( Prinivil, Zestril) -- are usually used to treat high blood pressure and other medical problems, they are often given to people with diabetes to prevent complications, even if their blood pressure is normal. If a person has side effects from taking ACE inhibitors, another class of drugs called angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) can often be given instead. If not treated, the kidneys will continue to fail and larger amounts of proteins can be detected in the urine. Advanced kidney failure requires treatment with dialysis or a kidney transplant. Web MD Medical Reference Reviewed by William Blahd, MD on July 23, 2016Sources© 2016 Web MD, LLC. All rights reserved. Next Article Infections and Diabetes Diabetes Guide Overview & Types Symptoms & Diagnosis Treatments & Care Living & Managing Related Conditions 
It's a very broad question. On tech, it is believed there was an unwritten agreement to share even nuclear tech from Manhattan, after UK provided some scientists, both British and refugee. The agreement seems to have been void after Roosevelt's death. Obviously, pre America's entry, Roosevelt was well known to be very pro British while US remained ostensibly neutral, with Lend Lease, the Atlantic Charter, etc. However, once allies, and that great goal of winning the war achievable, the two powers could afford to be more divergent and so disagree about their aims and priorities. The shift in dynamic: UK about to lose great power status and its empire, and the USA on the threshold of becoming a superpower, also affected relations.
voyager probes are 11 billion miles away and still send us data so really depends on how you will be using it (a tweet might be ok if you can wait hours/days for a response)
What are the Symptoms of Glaucoma? there are several forms of glaucoma the two most common forms are primary open angle glaucoma poag and angle closure glaucoma acg open angle glaucoma is often called the sneak thief of sight because it has no symptoms until significant vision loss has occurred
- 3. Lavender – this is probably the most famous essential oil for pain relief and relaxation. It has anti-inflammatory, anti-microbial and sedative properties and it helps to relieve muscle tension and spasms, joint pain and headache. Lavender is also one of my top 5 essential oils for allergy relief. 4. Eucalyptus – has analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties. Good for muscle pain and nerve pain.
This Amazon customer review text does not contain any counterfactual statements.
Foods containing progesterone What is progesterone? Progesterone therapy Progesterone cream A personal testimony Foods containing progesterone I have been on the internet for 4 hours looking for actual foods containing progesterone... not creams... or pills... the actual food. All I found was yams and soybeans. Are there not any other foods? Comments for Foods containing progesterone Click here to add your own comments May 05, 2008 Foods containing progesteroneby: Wray There are no foods that contain progesterone. It's an animal hormone and never found in plants. Not even soy beans or yams! Plants such as the soy bean, Dioscorea species of yams, fenugreek and many more, contain phytosterols, two such are stigmasterol and diosgenin. As these sterols have a similar molecular structure to progesterone, they are used as starting points for the bio-synthesis of progesterone. This is then further broken down to oestrogen, testosterone, cortisol etc for use in HRT, testosterone replacement, cortisone etc. Stigmasterol was first isolated from calabar beans. The commercial source of the sterol is the unsaponified fraction of soya-bean oil, which contains 12-25% stigmasterols. In 1976, stigmasterol was the starting material for 25% of the world production of steroids, and it has now overtaken diosgenin as the principal starting material for the industrial semi-synthesis of steroids. Do hope this helps, Take care Wray Jul 24, 2008 Steriodsby: Anonymous Thank you for the information about natural steriods. I used it in the ABC comments section so maybe they'll stop blaming people for eating and having allergies. Nov 10, 2008 Progesteroneby: Anonymous I thought eggs, beans, chicken, wheat and rice had progesterone? Nov 11, 2008 No progesterone in foodby: Wray Unfortunately no 'food' contains progesterone, as you can see from my reply below, it's an animal hormone. The only way you could get any from eating 'food' is by eating the placenta that comes away after birth! Some animals do this, instinctively knowing they need a boost of progesterone after giving birth. There are accounts of some tribes women who do the same for the same reason. In fact pigs placentas were used initially to extract the progesterone for commercial production, but it was hugely expensive and now the preferred commercial source are plant sterols. Hope this helps Take care Wray Sep 11, 2009 No progesterone in foodsby: Diana I too have been looking for ways that my progesterone levels could have been greatly increased through food. On other sites I have seen suggested that avocados, nuts and seeds, olives and oils are progesterone-boosting foods. I also read on Wikipedia that a diet rich in dairy can elevate progesterone levels, as the cows are milked during pregnancy when their own levels are elevated. Recent saliva tests indicate my progesterone levels to be very high - over 1200. And, my diet is rich with all of the foods listed above. I'm post menopausal and in my early 50's. I did use a progesterone oil on my gums 4-5 years ago to reduce perimenopausal symptoms, but have not touched any progesterone creams/oils in years. I know an excess can be stored in fat cells for some time, but I believe something else has contributed to this problem. My health-care practitioner believes I am getting dosed from something in the environment - like facial creams. Amy thoughts about this or how to reduce the progesterone in my body? Thank you!Sep 13, 2009 High progesterone levelsby: Diana Thank you Wray, So if foods aren't stimulating my body to produce high levels of progesterone (over 1200 in saliva test), where might it be coimng from? I haven't used proseterone oil in 4-5 years. Any thought about cosmetics/facial creams? Are there other reasons the body would produce that much? Sep 15, 2009 High progesterone levelsby: Wray Hi Diana. I must confess to being puzzled! In your last contribution you commented on milk containing high levels, as the cows are milked while pregnant. This is true, but 80-90% of oral progesterone is destroyed by the gut and liver, so I don't thi
What is the definition of evil? Subscribe to our Question of the Week: Question: What is the definition of evil?. Answer: Evil is what is morally wrong, sinful, or wicked. Evil is the result of bad actions stemming from a bad character. Biblically, evil is anything that contradicts the holy nature of God (see Psalm 51:4).
The Reasons Why Lawyers Get Disbarred Hub Pages » Education and Science » Law & Legal Issues The Reasons Why Lawyers Get Disbarred Updated on March 3, 2018Justin Muir more Contact Author The cover of a pretty good book. Fallen: Confessions of a Disbarred Lawyer. See Amazon posing below. | Source To disbar, according to Webster's dictionary, is to expel from the legal profession or from the bar of a particular court. Yet, the details of disbarment are a little more nuanced than that. Let's take a minute to go into more detail. In truth, being disbarred is perhaps the most damning and yet least understood aspects of the legal profession. So let's start with some basic truths. In total I have four: Attorneys are usually disbarred one-state (or one jurisdiction) at a time. In general, lawyers are disbarred for those offenses that indicate an inability to practice law with honesty, integrity, etc. Besides disbarment, there are other ways for an attorney to lose their license. Disbarment is not always permanent. Some attorneys can get back their license. The following article delves into these four points a bit further. Also, near the end; we have collated a table of contacts in each U. S. state where you can express your grievances about any legal professional. (Often we have found links to the online complaint letter that you can submit)1.) Attorneys are usually disbarred on a state by state basis: This makes perfect sense as lawyers take the bar exam for a particular state in order to obtain a license to practice in said state. And it just so happens that each state has its own set of similar but nonetheless unique rules governing attorney behavior. If an attorney violates or abuses these rules,he or she can be can be summoned to a disciplinary hearing where (among other things) they can be disbarred. However, disbarment by the court is usually an extreme case measure reserved for egregious violations of attorney ethics. In most cases, there are a series of punishments for lesser crimes that courts to default to such as fines, or suspensions. So what if a lawyer is licensed in multiple states, which is a very common case, and gets disbarred in one; do they get disbarred in all the others. Generally speaking, no. It is up to for each jurisdiction to decide the status of someone's law license. However, getting disbarred in any one state does not speak well for you chances for retaining (or obtaining) a license in other states. Fallen: Confessions of a Disbarred Lawyer Buy Now2.) In general, lawyers are disbarred for those offenses that indicate an inability to practice law with honesty, integrity, etc....: This point has to be emphasized to understand exactly why some lawyers are disbarred and some are given lesser punishments or simply ignored. For instance If an attorney commits a crime, most courts and bar associations only really care about if the crime (whatever it is) indicates that the attorney lacks the characteristics necessary to be an effective lawyer. So let's do a thought experiment. Could a lawyer be convicted of drug possession or some other serious felony and still hold on to their law license? The answer...well it depends on the jurisdiction, but it is definitely possible. There have been more than a few cases of lawyers engaged in overtly criminal acts but still retaining their licenses.3.) Besides disbarment, there are other ways for an attorney to lose their license. This is another area of great confusion/misunderstanding for all non-legal experts. Disbarment is not the only way an attorney can lose their license. Rather it is important to acknowledge that many bar associations have clearly defined licensing requirements/duties that allow you to keep said license. These licensing requirements can vary among the different bar associations or jurisdictions. Some jurisdictions require the payment of dues while others may require that license holders obtain some kind of continuing education or both. However, no matter what the requirement are, not complying with the them could result in a suspension of the at
You can find a partial answer [here](_URL_0_). New answers in this thread are welcome as well.
The Days of Our Nights The Days of Our Nights is the fifth album by American alternative rock band Luna, currently out of print in the United States. It includes a cover of the Guns N' Roses hit "Sweet Child o' Mine".
In 1827, soon after the death of Chopin's youngest sister Emilia, the family moved from the Warsaw University building, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace, to lodgings just across the street from the university, in the south annex of the Krasiński Palace on Krakowskie Przedmieście,[n 5] where Chopin lived until he left Warsaw in 1830.[n 6] Here his parents continued running their boarding house for male students; the Chopin Family Parlour (Salonik Chopinów) became a museum in the 20th century. In 1829 the artist Ambroży Mieroszewski executed a set of portraits of Chopin family members, including the first known portrait of the composer.[n 7]
. Medi-Span Generic Product Identifier Cancer Terms -> Conceptual Entities -> Code -> Medi-Span Generic Product Identifier Medi-Span Generic Product Identifier Definition A segmented numeric drug code assigned by Medi-Span, using a hierarchical classification scheme encompassing drug group, class, sub-class, name, name extension and dosage. Products assigned the same code should be pharmaceutically equivalent regarding active ingredients, dose form, route of administration, and strength. The same drug may be classified in multiple therapeutic classes. Medi-Span Generic Product Identifier Synonyms Medi-Span Generic Product Identifier, GPI, Generic Product Identifier, Medi-Span GPI, Medi Span GPI, Medi Span Generic Product Identifier, NSC Generic Product Identifier, Nomenclature Standards Committee Generic Product Identifier Terms in Medi-Span Generic Product Identifier category Copyright © Cancer Terms 2014 All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Low Carb Foods No reproduction or republication permitted. 
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
global house believes obama was right agree meet rogue leaders without While legally all the world’s leaders are equal, morally they are not. For decades, the US has been the standard of what it means to be a liberal democracy and have respect your citizens’ rights and liberties. That is not arrogance; it’s moral leadership. This is a vision that the US should aggressively promote in its foreign policy. The President of the United states should not meet as equals with tyrants and dictators who oppress their own people, and endanger world peace and security. Not unless these people give any indication they are even vaguely committed to moving toward some common goals.

Highlight a word with jQuery
The Secret Garden (1993 film) The Secret Garden is a 1993 American-British drama fantasy film directed by Agnieszka Holland and starring Kate Maberly, Heydon Prowse, Andrew Knott, John Lynch and Maggie Smith. It was written by Caroline Thompson and based on the novel of the same name by Frances Hodgson Burnett. There are two previous film adaptations: a 1949 US drama film; and the screen adaptation as a silent version filmed in 1919, which starred Lila Lee and Spottiswoode Aitken.
French orthography The French alphabet is based on the 26 letters of the Latin alphabet, uppercase and lowercase, with five diacritics and two orthographic ligatures.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
- A mineral’s hardness is related to the strength of its weakest bond, and minerals may have different hardnesses in different directions. For example, kyanite has a hardness of 5.5 if scratched lengthwise, but a hardness of 6.5 if scratched crosswise (numbers in Mohs scale). Since covalent bonds are stronger than ionic bonds, minerals in which covalent bonds dominate will be harder than those in which ionic bonds are prevalent.
How can I learn c from basics?
It might be better now, when faced with modern dangers, but the instinct was developed back when fighting or running was the appropriate response. What do you do when a 50 pound carnivore jumps out of the brush and rushes you? Fight it or run away, there isn't time to reason things out.
- 1 Cooking equipment is the leading cause of both home fires and home fire injuries. More home fires start in the kitchen than in any other place in the house. The leading cause of fires in the kitchen is leaving the kitchen while food is cooking.  Heating equipment.
Venus and Mars are both within the Earth's habitable zone so we have plenty of time, hundreds of millions of years. Larry Niven had a neat idea in *A world out of time* where one of the minor gas giants (Uranus or Neptune) is turned into a rocket engine by floating a huge fusion reactor/engine in its atmosphere. The orbit of the gas giant is then altered to fly past Earth and push it into a different orbit without actually attaching engines to it. Since we are talking about the technology of the distant future we are really in the zone of science fiction, not science.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
What You Need? - A Web Design Company Or A Web Development Company
Milwaukee County, Wisconsin Current Local Time - Milwaukee County, Wisconsin Time Zone Central Standard Time - is abbreviated as CST. Central Daylight Time- is abbreviated as CDT. Milwaukee County, Wisconsin is GMT/UTC - 6h during Standard Time. Milwaukee County, Wisconsin is GMT/UTC - 5h during Daylight Saving Time. Milwaukee County, Wisconsin does utilize Daylight Saving Time. Milwaukee County, Wisconsin started Daylight Saving Time on.
They make changes to make money. Product teams inside of these companies are responsible for KPIs, or Key Performance Indicators. They often have very specific goals that feed into broader business goals. Facebook is extremely data driven. They might have a metric that tells them that people who post photos at least twice a month spend 10% more time on the sight than other users. So they will devise some UI changes to encourage the posting of pictures and then measure the impact against their large user base. These companies aren't just bored or trying to 'stay fresh'...they have very specific business goals and have the data to back up the changes that they make.
Average Weather in June in Colorado Springs Colorado, United States Average Weather in June in Colorado Springs Colorado, United States Daily high temperatures increase by 9°F, from 74°F to 83°F, rarely falling below 63°F or exceeding 91°F. Daily low temperatures increase by 7°F, from 49°F to 56°F, rarely falling below 42°F or exceeding 62°F. For reference, on July 9, the hottest day of the year, temperatures in Colorado Springs typically range from 58°F to 84°F, while on December 30, the coldest day of the year, they range from 20°F to 43°F. Average High and Low Temperature in June The daily average high (red line) and low (blue line) temperature, with 25th to 75th and 10th to 90th percentile bands. The thin dotted lines are the corresponding average perceived temperatures. The figure below shows you a compact characterization of the hourly average temperatures for the quarter of the year centered on June. The horizontal axis is the day, the vertical axis is the hour of the day, and the color is the average temperature for that hour and day. Average Hourly Temperature in June The average hourly temperature, color coded into bands: frigid < 15°F < freezing < 32°F < very cold < 45°F < cold < 55°F < cool < 65°F < comfortable < 75°F < warm < 85°F < hot < 95°F < sweltering. The shaded overlays indicate night and civil twilight. Sulakyurt, Turkey (6,391 miles away) is the far-away foreign place with temperatures most similar to Colorado Springs ( view comparison ). Clouds The month of June in Colorado Springs experiences gradually decreasing cloud cover, with the percentage of time that the sky is overcast or mostly cloudy decreasing from 36% to 28%. The lowest chance of overcast or mostly cloudy conditions is 28% on June 22. The clearest day of the month is June 22, with clear, mostly clear, or partly cloudy conditions 72% of the time. For reference, on March 4, the cloudiest day of the year, the chance of overcast or mostly cloudy conditions is 44%, while on September 29, the clearest day of the year, the chance of clear, mostly clear, or partly cloudy skies is 76%. Cloud Cover Categories in June The percentage of time spent in each cloud cover band, categorized by the percentage of the sky covered by clouds: clear < 20% < mostly clear < 40% < partly cloudy < 60% < mostly cloudy < 80% < overcast. Precipitation A wet day is one with at least 0.04 inches of liquid or liquid-equivalent precipitation. In Colorado Springs, the chance of a wet day over the course of June is essentially constant, remaining around 21% throughout. For reference, the year's highest daily chance of a wet day is 36% on August 4, and its lowest chance is 3% on January 10. Probability of Precipitation in June The percentage of days in which various types of precipitation are observed, excluding trace quantities: rain alone, snow alone, and mixed (both rain and snow fell in the same day). Rainfall To show variation within the month and not just the monthly total, we show the rainfall accumulated over a sliding 31-day period centered around each day. The average sliding 31-day rainfall during June in Colorado Springs is essentially constant, remaining about 1.2 inches throughout, and rarely exceeding 2.4 inches or falling below 0.3 inches. The lowest average 31-day accumulation is 1.2 inches on June 18. Average Monthly Rainfall in June The average rainfall (solid line) accumulated over the course of a sliding 31-day period centered on the day in question, with 25th to 75th and 10th to 90th percentile bands. The thin dotted line is the corresponding average liquid-equivalent snowfall. Sun Over the course of June in Colorado Springs, the length of the day is essentially constant. The shortest day of the month is June 1, with 14 hours, 43 minutes of daylight and the longest day is June 21, with 14 hours, 54 minutes of daylight. Hours of Daylight and Twilight in June The number of hours during which the Sun is visible (black line). From bottom (most yellow) to top (most gray), the color bands indicate: full daylight, twilight (civil, nautical, and astronomical
What You Need to Know About Complex Carbohydrates Diet Plans Low-Carb Diets What You Need to Know About Complex Carbohydrates Starch can be as bad as sugar for your health By Laura Dolson | Reviewed by Richard N. Fogoros, MDUpdated July 01, 2017Share Pin Email Print White Potatoes. Photo © Anthony-Masterson/Getty Images On a low-carb diet, the main goal is to avoid raising blood glucose too much. This is why we avoid foods which are high in sugars and starches. But it turns out that not all starches are created equal. Some starches are digested very quickly and cause a rapid and large rise in blood sugar. Others are digested more slowly, causing blood glucose to rise less and over a longer period of time. Some starch, called resistant starch, is not digested in the small intestine at all and causes little or no blood sugar rise. The larger the percentage of rapidly digested starch in a starchy food, the higher the glycemic index of that food. What Is Starch? Starches are long complex chains of simple sugars. This is why they are often called "complex carbohydrates". It was once thought that complex carbohydrates do not raise blood sugar as quickly or as much as sugars, but now we know that some starches are actually more glycemic than some sugars. In this sense, they are not "complex" for very long at all. People who are sensitive to sugar should avoid most starchy foods as well since most starchy foods are rapidly broken down into sugar. Which Foods Have a Lot of Starch? Grains (wheat, rice, barley, oats), potatoes, corn, and beans are all very starchy foods. Grains are made into bread, cereal and pasta, as well as crackers, biscuits, cookies, cakes, pie crust, and anything else made with flour. What Determines Whether Starches Are Digested Rapidly or Slowly? There are several factors at work: What is done to the starch before we eat it? Particularly when it comes to grains (and especially wheat), we have a tendency to grind it, puff it, flake it, roll it, and generally beat it into submission so we can form it into any number of processed foods. This has the effect of doing some of the work of our digestive systems before the food even goes into our mouths. It's really no wonder that these foods are turned into sugar so efficiently within minutes of being in our bodies. The starches that are most rapidly digested are those made from flour (including whole grain flour) and most breakfast cereals. On the other hand, if grains or legumes remain whole, such as beans, brown rice or whole barley, the starch is broken down into sugars much more slowly, and some never are turned into sugar at all but reach the large intestine intact - this is called resistant starch. Starch Structure. Different kinds of starch have different arrangements of molecules, and some are easier for our digestive enzymes to get at than others. One kind of starch, called amylose, is broken down quite slowly. The higher the amount of amylose in a starch, the more slowly it is digested. Different types of rice have differing percentages of amylose. Long grain rice, which tends to stay more separate, are higher in amylose. Shorter grain rice, which tends to produce creamier and stickier rice, is low in amylose and are more glycemic. New potatoes (sometimes described as "waxy") have a starch that is closer to amylose in structure than more mature potatoes, and they are somewhat less glycemic. Most of the starch in beans has a structure which is only slowly broken down into sugars. Surprises: One processed food that seems to be digested more slowly than would be guessed is pasta. Apparently, the starch molecules are so tightly packed that only about half is rapidly digested when the pasta is cooked " al dente " (slightly firm). Cooking time and the thickness of the pasta greatly affects how the glycemic it is. Additionally, when some cooked starches, such as potatoes and rice, are cooked and cooled, a small percentage of the starch takes longer to digest. How Can We Tell How Quickly a Starch Is Digested? It is difficult to know how quickly any one person wi
In 1975, the first practical solar boat was constructed in England. By 1995, passenger boats incorporating PV panels began appearing and are now used extensively. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar powered crossing of the Pacific Ocean, and the sun21 catamaran made the first solar powered crossing of the Atlantic Ocean in the winter of 2006–2007. There were plans to circumnavigate the globe in 2010.
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Okay, so. Picture a dog (canis lupus familiaris). What dog did you picture? Actually, it doesn’t matter what breed of dog you pictured, because it’s still a dog (canis lupus familiaris) no matter if it was a schnauzer, boxer, beagle, or even chihuahua, they’re all just dogs. Those are different breeds, or strains, of the same species. They can crossbreed and cohabit just fine, just like the strains of the same disease. Does this analogy help explain how different strains of a disease can preserve differently, but are still the same fundamental disease?
Hypothetically yes but not in the conditions that we make them in. It is possible for very short-lived isotopes to bond with other atoms. For example, positronium (a bound electron and positron) can form a molecule with hydrogen that lasts 650 picoseconds. Chemical conditions generally don't affect nuclear stability, except perhaps by very very small amounts. There's no way to make an unstable isotope stable, although if you make it go really fast it will appear to last longer.
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
. What Is A Medicaid Waiver? Find Programs By State See middle column, find your state. Medicaid Waivers help provide services to people who would otherwise be in a nursing home or hospital to receive long-term care in the community. Although there are waivers for many conditions, our focus is towards waivers for people who have intellectual disabilities, developmental disabilities, and autism. SEE ELDERLY / SENIOR CARE WAIVERSWaiver Eligibility Many people who qualify for waiver services are not even aware that they exist. Families struggle alone, to provide care- creating economic, physical, and emotional strain. States do not educate people about these programs, and it is often only through crisis that people realize help is available. The waiting period to get onto a waiver program, can be many years, and varies by state. Unfortunately, waiver eligibility does not transfer from state to state. This is a huge problem for families who wish to move to another state. It also unfairly distributes the federally matched dollars among states because each state determines it's own budget. Institutions vs Waivers There are still people living in state institutions today. And, it has been questioned as to whether states violate the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) when they limit the number of participants to home and community based waiver programs. However, states chose to participate in these programs. Our best hope is to get statutes changed at the federal level. The 1915 (c) waiver is known as the “home and community-based services waiver” (HCBS) because it allows states to treat certain Medicaid populations in home or other community based settings rather than in institutional or long-term care facilities such as hospitals or nursing homes. Which States Have Medicaid Waivers Forty-four (44) states and the District of Columbia have received waivers to provide home- and community-based services to people with developmental disabilities (DD). Depending on each state's DD definition, these waivers may cover services to people with autism. Before you Move. If you are receiving Medicaid Waiver services, your waiver services will not transfer other states. You will still be eligible for Medicaid State Plan services after establishing residency, but waiver services do not transfer from state to state. If you decide to move to another state, you should know that many states have thousands of individuals on a list already waiting to receive waiver services. In most cases, you will not be placed in line in front of these other individuals, so it would be best to consider what services you currently have in place and decide if you can do without them if you move. In some states, it will most likely be several years before services would begin. Waivers For Autism Colorado, Indiana, Maryland, and Wisconsin have waivers specifically addressing autism. They all limit waiver services to children. The first three states' waivers are only for children with autism. Wisconsin provides intensive in-home autism treatment under two broader waivers, one for children with DD and the other for children with social and emotional disorders. In Indiana and Wisconsin, children eligible for autism-specific services are also eligible for services under other Medicaid waivers. Medicaid Waiver.org Services (727) 841-8943Qk Notes - Note writing software for Caseworkers & Provider. Get listed on Medicaid Waiver.org Call (727) 841-8943. 
How did you overcome stage fear?
Copper is very soft, expensive, and has a tendency to corrode. Compare to stainless steel, which is strong, a lot cheaper, and doesn't corrode. Copper salts are also toxic inside the body, but the main reasons are the other things.
5 Things to Know About Dental Implants Family Finance Health Care5 Things to Know About Dental Implants By Walecia Konrad September 14, 2012Implants are a good long-term solution to replacing lost teeth, but they’re not cheap.1. An implant beats bridges or dentures Bridges, dentures, and implants replace missing teeth. A bridge requires filing two adjoining teeth, which can make them weaker and prone to decay. Dentures often have fit problems and can interfere with taste. For an implant, a titanium screw is placed in the jawbone and a prosthetic tooth is attached. A proper implant has no physical downsides and has good longevity, says Dr. Mark Wolff, associate dean at New York University’s College of Dentistry.2. But you’ll pay a lot more for it The problem with implants? Cost. Implants are rarely covered by insurance, says Mac Kenzie Lucas, a spokesperson for benefits consultant Aon Hewitt. Practitioners charge $3,000 to $4,500 for a single tooth. Most dentists refer patients to oral surgeons, periodontists, or prosthodontists. If you need an implant near a nerve or sinus cavity, it’s worth paying for a dentist or surgeon who has specialized training.3. Not all implants are equal Most dentists use implants made by the original Swedish manufacturer; studies have found that these implants have high success rates (90% or more), says Dr. Michael Childers, dental director for the Florida region of Dental Care Alliance. There are also some newer, generic implants that are cheaper but may not have been studied yet. So ask your doctor what kind of implant he uses and the success rate he’s had with it.4. There are ways to nab discounts Join a discount plan. Dental Plans.com and Brighter.com charge an annual fee of $80 and $99, respectively, and offer a 15% to 25% discount on implants (ask about availability and pricing before you join). Visit a school. Advanced students at some oral-surgery programs may do implants under close supervision for a fraction of the usual cost. You can find local schools at the American Dental Association.5. Timing can also help Implants are usually a two-part process — first putting in the implant, then covering it with a crown six to 12 weeks later, says Wolff. If you know you need one, schedule the initial procedure at the end of a calendar year, then have the crown put on in the following year. That way you can use two years’ worth of your pretax flexible spending account at work to pay a chunk of the cost. You’ll reap as much as 30% savings if you’re in a high tax bracket. SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENTYou May Like Stories From Read Moreadd this widget to your site Did You Know? In '14, almost 9.1M women owned businesses in the U. S, a 68% increase from 1997 and 1.5 times more than national small business growth. Did You Know? A Hedge Fund manager focusing on restaurants ordered a single muffin every day so he could see the invoice number, using this info to estimate sales volume. Did You Know? Charles Floyd, a Great Depression-era gangster, was known for destroying mortgage papers, alleviating several people's debts. Did You Know? NASDAQ OMX PHLX, aka The Philadelphia Stock Exchange, was founded in 1790, making it the first stock exchange in America. Did You Know? WD Gann forecasted stock trends based on geometry, astrology, and mathematical concepts like Gann angles and the Square of 9. 
Pliers (different types and their uses) by Design Originals Follow These are the pliers to turn to when you need to get into tight spaces. Chain-nose pliers: Chain-nose pliers ... have a smooth flat surface on the interior of the jaws. The small tapered point allows you to get into small areas. You will typically use this tool for gripping jewelry findings and working with wire.
The only article i found was this: _URL_0_ So I guess it could be possible? But the thing is deer get more points with age so really hunters are killing mature bucks that have reproduced already.  But also hunters dont really only kill trophy bucks. On TV thats how it is but in real life if the deer isnt a baby its fair game (some people harvest yearlings though).
Optics. You are beyond the focus of the spoon so you see the top of your head in the bottom part and the bottom of your head in the top part. It's easier to see this with a diagram, unfortunately I can't seem to find one atm Edit: this is the best I can do: _URL_0_
Visiting Hours Visiting Hours General visiting hours are 9 a.m. - 8:30 p.m. every day. The only exception is the Intensive Care Unit which is closed to visitors every day from 7 - 8 a.m. and 7 - 8 p.m. so our nurses can meet to coordinate care for our patients. Arrangements can sometimes be made for extended hours by speaking to the charge nurse in the department that you are visiting. Quiet Time Rest is vital for healing. Please observe Quiet Time so our patients can recover and heal. When possible, schedule visits outside of Quiet Time Silence cell phones and other devices Quiet Time for Foothills Hospital is 2:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. Quiet Time for the Family Birth Center is 2:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Quiet Time for the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) is 2:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. 
Dogs are a different species than people. That means their bodies work differently. Chocolate contains a substance called theobromine. Theobromine is toxic to dogs. Their body cannot get rid of the theobromine as quickly as a human body can. It builds up and causes medical problems that can lead to death if the dog eats enough.
Dear /r/Pets, thinking of buying a 3 MO puppy from my friend, advice? My friend brought home a 3 MO male pomeranian/japanese spitz from a breeder off of Kijiji for her boyfriend, but because they live with their parents, neither of them are able to keep it. My family (of five) live in a medium-to-large sized home in a suburb of Toronto. This would be our first pet. What kinds of problems can I expect when dealing with changing the puppy's environment at 3 months? What kinds of questions should I be asking before considering getting this puppy? Any other pieces of advice would be appreciated! 
EDIT: Wow thanks for the great advice! She said that she can let me have him for around $300, but after your advice I would much rather put some more thought into getting a puppy, and see if getting a pup from a shelter is for me.  I probably also should have added that we do not have small children, I am actually the youngest member of my household and I'm 21 :P, but great advice nonetheless. Thanks guys!
The cause of incomplete/inaccurate financial data's appearing on free sites is that it is both complicated and expensive to obtain and parse these data. Even within a single country, different pieces of financial data are handled by different authorities.  In the US, for example, there is one generally recognized authority for stock prices and volumes (CQS), but a completely different authority for corporate earnings data (SEC).  For futures and options data the only authority is each individual exchange.  Each of these sources might have a vastly different interface to their data; some may have websites, others may have FTPs, others may have TCP datastreams to which you must subscribe, etc. Now throw in the rest of the world and all their exchanges and regulatory agencies, and you can see how it's a difficult job to gather all this information, parse it on a daily (or more frequent) basis, and check it all for errors. There are some companies (e.g. Bloomberg) whose entire business model is to do the above.  They spend tens of millions of dollars per year to support the infrastructure and manpower required to keep such a complex system working, and they charge their consumers a pretty penny in return. Do Google/Yahoo pay for Bloomberg data access just to display information that we then consume for free?  Maybe.  Maybe they pay for some less expensive reduced data set.  Or a data set that is less rigorously checked for errors. Even if they pay for the best data available, there's no guarantee that a company's last earnings report didn't have a glitch in it, or that Bloomberg's latest download from the Canadian Agency for Corporate Dividends and Moose Census-Taking didn't get cut off in the middle, or that the folks at Yahoo built a robust system that can handle a particular file's not arriving on time.  Bloomberg has dozens or even hundreds of employees focused on just this one task; Yahoo probably has 5. Moral: If you really need the best available data you must go to the source(s), or you must pay a provider to whom you can then complain when something is wrong.  With free data you get what you pay for.
- GI: 1. In medicine, commonly used abbreviation for gastrointestinal, referring collectively to the stomach and the small and large intestine.2. Outside of medicine, GI may stand for galvanized iron, general issue or government issue (as in GI Joe).I: 1. In medicine, commonly used abbreviation for gastrointestinal, referring collectively to the stomach and the small and large intestine.
Joma Joma is a Spanish sports clothing manufacturer, which currently produces footwear and clothing for football, futsal, basketball, volleyball, running, tennis, padel, fitness. Its headquarters are located in Portillo de Toledo in the Province of Toledo. Joma was founded in 1965 to produce shoes for general use.
How does it feel when a person has sex for the very first time?
How Many Times Can a Lion Mate in One Day? During the mating season, lions can mate anywhere from 20 to 40 times in a day for several days straight. Male lions will check whether the lionesses are in heat by sniffing their reproductive organs. Continue Reading.
Estimating the early impact of immunization against COVID-19 on deaths among elderly people in Brazil: analyses of routinely-collected data on vaccine coverage and mortality. BackgroundVaccination against COVID-19 in Brazil started in January 2021, with health workers and the elderly as the priority groups. We assessed whether there was an impact of vaccinations on the mortality of elderly individuals in a context of wide transmission of the SARS-CoV-2 gamma (P.1) variant.

MethodsBy May 27, 2021, 147238,414 COVID-19 deaths had been reported to the Brazilian Mortality Information System. Denominators for mortality rates were calculated by correcting population estimates for all-cause deaths reported in 2020. Proportionate mortality at ages 70-79 and 80+ years relative to deaths at all ages were calculated for deaths due to COVID-19 and to other causes, as were COVID-19 mortality rate ratios relative to individuals aged 0-69 years. Vaccine coverage data were obtained from the Ministry of Health. All results were tabulated by epidemiological weeks 1-19, 2021.

FindingsThe proportion of all COVID-19 deaths at ages 80+ years was over 25% in weeks 1-6 and declined rapidly to 12.4% in week 19, whereas proportionate COVID-19 mortality for individuals aged 70-79 years started to decline by week 15. Trends in proportionate mortality due to other causes remained stable. Mortality rates were over 13 times higher in the 80+ years age group compared to that of 0-69 year olds up to week 6, and declined to 5.0 times in week 19. Vaccination coverage (first dose) of 90% was reached by week 9 for individuals aged 80+ years and by week 13 for those aged 70-79 years. Coronavac accounted for 65.4% and AstraZeneca for 29.8% of all doses administered in weeks 1-4, compared to 36.5% and 53.3% in weeks 15-19, respectively.

InterpretationRapid scaling up of vaccination coverage among elderly Brazilians was associated with important declines in relative mortality compared to younger individuals, in a setting where the gamma variant predominates. Had mortality rates among the elderly remained proportionate to what was observed up to week 6, an estimated additional 43,802 COVID-related deaths would have been expected up to week 19.
Girl in 3D Girl in 3D is a 2003 American film directed by Luis Aira and starring Bevin Tucker, Coyote Shivers, Yareli Arizmendi and Jonathan Paley. It premiered at the Cannes Film Festival, and has since win multiple awards such as "Best Feature" , "Best Thriller", and "Best Actress".
Recruiter.com helps law and public safety professionals find better paying jobs across all specialties and locations. Also known as: Alternative Dispute Resolution Coordinator, Mediation Commissioner, Ombudsman Recruiter.com helps law and public safety professionals find better paying jobs across all specialties and locations. START >Learn more Get new Arbitrator, Mediator, or Conciliator jobs by email Enter an email Enter a password SEE MORE SALARIES FOR LAW AND PUBLIC SAFETY PROFESSIONALSProfessionals in the fields of mediation, arbitration and conciliation work with clients to resolve legal disputes outside of court. These professionals attempt to help parties communicate and understand each other, and agree to settlements that favor all stakeholders. They may conduct interviews and solicit evidence in order to develop a deeper understanding of the case which they are handling. In addition, they may create settlement agreements for parties to sign, authorize payments of valid claims, and collect fees. A minimum of a Bachelor's degree is necessary for this profession, and specialized training or licensing may also be required. An Arbitrator, Mediator, or Conciliator can receive salaries of somewhere between 48000 and 72000 based on levels of tenure. Arbitrators, Mediators, and Conciliators get a wage of Sixty Five Thousand Four Hundred dollars per year. Arbitrators, Mediators, and Conciliators obtain the most salary in Virginia, where they can receive average pay of near $138820. These employees can receive the highest pay in Manufacturing, where they get pay levels, on average, of $77800. Are you an aspiring arbitrator, mediator, or conciliator? Want a new opportunity where you can earn a higher salary? Create your free arbitrator, mediator, or conciliator job alert today and take control of your future. The national wage distribution is shown below. To overlay local salaries for an Arbitrator, Mediator, or Conciliator, please select your state. ANNUAL SALARYPercentile Private Sector Local Government State Government Federal Government10th 29,380 32,750 35,520 98,57025th 37,310 41,830 42,530 112,45050th 49,680 58,020 58,690 121,23075th 70,920 81,220 82,670 130,83090th 105,060 107,260 101,660 140,260HOURLY RATEPercentile Private Sector Local Government State Government Federal Government10th 14.13 15.75 17.08 47.3925th 17.94 20.11 20.45 54.0650th 23.88 27.89 28.22 58.2975th 34.1 39.05 39.74 62.990th 50.51 51.57 48.87 67.43Recruiter makes it easy to find out about new jobs for arbitrators, mediators, and conciliators. Create your job alert and learn about new openings in your area. SALARY TRENDThe annual compensation for this career has gone up since 2004. Salaries have increased by an average of 8.05 percent nationwide in that time. Year Annual2004 60,4802005 59,8702006 58,7902007 56,3802008 59,6502009 60,7902010 65,350INDUSTRIESArbitrators, Mediators, and Conciliators tend to make the most in the following industries Educational Services $77,800Manufacturing $70,960Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services $70,010Management of Companies and Enterprises $68,420Finance and Insurance $68,180Public Administration $68,050In general, they earn less within the industries below Health Care and Social Assistance $44,840Wholesale Trade $51,010Administrative, Support and Waste Management Services $58,870Other Services (except Public Administration) $59,360Public Administration $68,050Finance and Insurance $68,180 
This comment is not toxic.
LE: Life expectancy at birth
MYS: Mean years of schooling (Years that a person 25 years-of-age or older has spent in schools)
EYS: Expected years of schooling (Years that a 5-year-old child will spend in schools throughout his life)
GNIpc: Gross national income at purchasing power parity per capita
Difference Between Business Class and First Class Delta Airlines Difference Between Business Class and First Class Delta Airlines Delta Air Lines is a major American airline, known for their superior first and business class products. It can safely be said, that premium flights offered by Delta Air Lines can easily meet the needs of even the most demanding passengers. Indeed, the company puts the needs of customers first and this is why their onboard services and amenities are one of the best in the industry. Let’s compare Business Class and First Class on Delta. Delta Airlines Business VS First Class# First Class Business Class Rating by Customers7/10 5/10Baggage Regulations70 LBS (32 KG) 62 INCHES (157 CM) WHEN YOU TOTAL LENGTH+WIDTH+HEIGHT 70 LBS (32 KG) 62 INCHES (157 CM) WHEN YOU TOTAL LENGTH+WIDTH+HEIGHTLounges Access to Delta Sky Club® and Sky Team® partner lounges around the globe Access to Delta Sky Club® and Sky Team® partner lounges around the globe Staying Fresh SPA-house and private cabanas with temperature control, cozy bed and furnished working space Shower rooms with premium bath amenities Dining Options The differences in dining between Business & First Class is Top Shelf Liquor and Sommelier-Select Wine for Delta One (First class)Delta Business VS First Class In-Flight Seats/Suites Delta One offers dedicated cabin with 180-degree flat-bed seat (76″-82″ bed) Up to 50% more than Standart Main Cabin Seat with legroom Up to 8″ more. Fun and Work Delta One has 15.4″ display instead 10″ in the business class. On-flight Meals and Refreshments Delta one offers Cheaf-Curated Meals & plated Finde Dining instead standard dinning. Visual Differences between Delta Business & First Class# First Class Business Class Seats Popular questions about Delta Airlines Is Wi-Fi Free on Delta Airlines? Wifi costs $16.00/24-hours for first and business classes (Delta One), but in economy you have to buy Gogo internet:1-Hour Pass – $7.00All-Day Pass – $19.00Monthly Multi-Airline Plan – $59.95 /mo Monthly Airline Plan – $49.95 /mo What is Delta One? It’s a business class on Delta Airlines. Delta has one of the best long-haul business class with dedicated cabins and exclusive in-flight services. Comparing & Overview In this article we’ll compare business and first class services offered aboard Delta’s planes, so that you could better understand what exactly you can get when choosing Delta Air Lines. First of all, it is necessary to mention that Delta has a huge fleet of aircrafts, equipped with all modern amenities necessary for a comfortable and enjoyable flight. This means, you can expect to get top-notch services on each of their planes. The difference between first and business class is rather inconspicuous, as just like many other notable airlines, Delta is gradually merging the two classes. Let’s have a closer look at the classes of services offered by Delta Air Lines and comprate them: Delta First Class The main aim of Delta’s first class is to offer customers the highest level of convenience from the time a passenger check-ins and then leaves the airport at a destination. Thus, when choosing Delta’s first class you get a number of valuable advantages, like priority boarding, large and cozy seats, pre-departure beverage and restaurant-like meals. Delta One Business Class To provide customers with even better services, the company has started upgrading its cabins, by changing their Business Elite class to Delta One. This class of premiums flights offers an extended amount of services. Thus, in addition to traditional first class amenities, Delta One pampers customers with a few additional ones, like a quicker check-in at LAX, a Tumi amenity kit that includes noise-cancelling headphones, improved dining, and fully lie-flat seats. Comparing Dining of business class & first class on Delta Airlines Generally, passengers of both classes are offered high quality meals and a wide selection of hot and cold drinks. Complementary food and drinks are served in both cabins. Since first class tickets are more expensive than business class
John Austin (tennis) John Austin (born July 31, 1957) is an American former professional tennis player born in Long Beach, California. He won the Wimbledon mixed doubles championship with his sister, Tracy Austin, in 1980, becoming the first brother and sister team to win a Grand Slam title together.
Biology for Kids Lipids are one of the four major groups of organic molecules; the other three being proteins, nucleic acids (DNA), and carbohydrates (sugars). Lipids are made up of the same elements as carbohydrates: carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. However, lipids tend to contain many more hydrogen atoms than oxygen atoms. Lipids include fats, steroids, phospholipids, and waxes. One main characteristic of lipids is that they do not dissolve in water.
- Electroplating is the application of electrolytic cells in which a thin layer of metal is deposited onto an electrically conductive surface. Here's a closer look at what electrochemistry is, how it works, and what metals and anodes are used. There are several reasons why you might want to coat a conductive surface with a metal.
Haute Grilled Avocados Haute Grilled Avocados Read Comments / Rate it Share: Total time:4 min Prep time:n/a Cook time:4 min Hot avocados? Absolutely! Grilled avocados are unique, delicious, and ready in minutes.ingredients Serving Size: 4Halve it Double it Reset2 ripe, Fresh California Avocados*2 Tbsp. fresh lime or lemon juice1 1/2 Tbsp. olive oil As needed Seasoned salt to taste1/2 cup fresh salsa, optional for half shell version Remember to check the label when you shop. In season Spring - Fall. Learn where to find them Instructions For Grilled Slices: Cut avocado in half, seed, peel, and slice. Drizzle with fresh lime or lemon juice and brush lightly with olive oil. Gently place slices on grill over hot coals for 2 minutes on each side. Season with salt to taste. For Grilled Half Shells: Cut avocado in half and remove seed. Drizzle with fresh lime or lemon juice and brush lightly with olive oil. Gently place cut side down on grill over hot coals for 2-3 minutes. Season with salt to taste. Optional: fill with fresh salsa or your favorite fresh ingredients. Serving Suggestions: Makes a great accompaniment to grilled meats or fish. Beverage Pairings: California Avocados pair well with just about any beverage! *Large avocados are recommended for this recipe. A large avocado averages about 8 ounces. If using smaller or larger size avocados adjust the quantity accordingly. Nutrition information per serving Half Avocado Without Salsa Nutrition Information Per Serving: Calories 200; Total Fat 19 g (Sat 2.5 g, Trans 0 g, Poly 2 g, Mono 13 g); Cholesterol 0 mg; Sodium 120 mg; Potassium 503 mg; Total Carbohydrates 10 g; Dietary Fiber 6 g; Total Sugars 1 g; Protein 2 g; Vitamin A 129 IU; Vitamin C 14 mg; Calcium 12 mg; Iron 1 mg; Vitamin D 0 IU; Folate 78 mcg; Omega 3 Fatty Acid 0.1 g % Daily Value*: Vitamin A 2%; Vitamin C 25%; Calcium 2%; Iron 2% Half Avocado With Salsa Nutrition Information Per Serving: Calories 220; Total Fat 20 g (Sat 3 g, Trans 0 g, Poly 3 g, Mono 14 g); Cholesterol 0 mg; Sodium 190 mg; Potassium 552 mg; Total Carbohydrates 11 g; Dietary Fiber 7 g; Total Sugars 2 g; Protein 7 g; Vitamin A 148 IU; Vitamin C 16 mg; Calcium 13 mg; Iron 1 mg; Vitamin D 0 IU; Folate 82 mcg; Omega 3 Fatty Acid 0 g*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 Calorie diet. Your Daily Values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. Recipe Tags Comments62 ratings Sorry, the browser you are using is not currently supported. Disqus actively supports the following browsers: Firefox Chrome Internet Explorer 11+Safari 
Care and Cleaning of Brushes To avoid this, wipe your water colour brush clean with a lint-free rag and rinse it under running water. Then, using mild soap and cool water, swirl the soapy brush in the palm of your hand and rinse. Repeat the washing and rinsing process until the soap and water runs clear. Cleaning Oil Colour Brushes.
How Many Days Did JFK Serve As President? John F. Kennedy served 1,037 days as the president of the United States. Kennedy was sworn into office on Jan. 20, 1961 and was assassinated on Nov. 22, 1963. Continue Reading. JFK was the 35th president of the United States and the first Roman Catholic president.
Swollen Ankles and Feet Swollen Ankles and Feet Swollen ankles and swollen feet are common and usually not cause for concern, particularly if you have been standing or walking a lot. But feet and ankles that stay swollen or are accompanied by other symptoms could signal a serious health problem. Web MD looks at some possible causes of foot and ankle swelling and offers advice on when to call the doctor. Pregnancy complications. Some swelling of the ankles and feet is normal during pregnancy. Sudden or excessive swelling, however, may be a sign of preeclampsia, a serious condition in which high blood pressure and protein in the urine develop after the 20th week of pregnancy. If you experience severe swelling or swelling accompanied by other symptoms such as abdominal pain, headaches, infrequent urination, nausea and vomiting, or vision changes, call your doctor immediately. Continue Reading Belowyou might like Foot or ankle injury. An injury to the foot or ankle can lead to swelling. The most common is a sprained ankle, which occurs when an injury or misstep causes the ligaments that hold the ankle in place to be stretched beyond their normal range. To reduce the swelling from a foot or ankle injury, rest to avoid walking on the injured ankle or foot, use ice packs, wrap the foot or ankle with compression bandage, and elevate the foot on a stool or pillow. If swelling and pain is severe or doesn't improve with home treatment, see your doctor. Lymphedema. This is a collection of lymphatic fluid in the tissues that can develop because of the absence of or problems with the lymph vessels or after the removal of lymph nodes. Lymph is a protein-rich fluid that normally travels along an extensive network of vessels and capillaries. It is filtered through the lymph nodes, which trap and destroy unwanted substances, such as bacteria. When there is a problem with the vessels or lymph nodes, however, the fluid's movement can be blocked. Untreated, lymph buildup can impair wound healing and lead to infection and deformity. Lymphedema is common following radiation therapy or removal of the lymph nodes in patients with cancer. If you have undergone cancer treatment and experience swelling, see your doctor right away.1 2 3 View All 
Windows Store apps run within a new set of APIs known as Windows Runtime, which supports programming languages such as C, C++, Visual Basic .NET, C#, along with HTML5 and JavaScript. If written in some "high-level" languages, apps written for Windows Runtime can be compatible with both Intel and ARM versions of Windows, otherwise they are not binary code compatible. Components may be compiled as Windows Runtime Components, permitting consumption by all compatible languages. To ensure stability and security, apps run within a sandboxed environment, and require permissions to access certain functionality, such as accessing the Internet or a camera.
House framing cost House framing cost All prices and remodeling costs revised and updated for 2018Read about remodeling costs and estimating labor expenses first How much does it cost to frame a house? Framing a new house typically estimated at $11 - $22 per square foot for labor and materials. Custom made house framing including building multiple dormers, arches, 2 – 3 levels ceilings or complicated roof designs might increase the price up to 50% - 70% or even more. Estimating labor cost Standard 2,100 square feet house will cost $9,030 - $17,220 or $4.30 - $8.20 per sq. ft. for labor and crew of five should be able to complete the work and pass framing inspection within 2 – 3 weeks. Contractor typically will estimate garage area at 15 – 20% lower rate than living space. Building a high pitch roof will cost more for labor in comparison with prefabricated roof trusses installation, but saving will cover expenses for ordering and delivering the trusses and overall expenditure will be nearly equal. Structural insulated panels (SIPS) will be a few times less expensive to install for labor. Estimating the total cost conventional wood framed wall will be initially slightly cheaper, but SIPS panels will have some benefits and might save you in a long run. Framing interior walls with metal studs do not affect labor cost much. For experienced steel framer it will take nearly the same time to put a wall using 25–gauge galvanized steel studs as for carpenter build a wall with wooded 2 x 4s. Materials expenses Cost of materials will depend on house design and very often even in the same area similar in size houses will vary in prices per square foot because of different house plans. Using 2 x 6 instead of 2 x 4 while building walls, higher ceilings meaning longer studs or different types of floor joists will impact the material cost. Expenses for lumber and all supplementary wood framing components including nails, joist hangers, liquid nail adhesive, Tyvek will be prices at $5.5 - $14 per square foot or $9,900 - $25,200 for 1,800 sq. ft. house. Steel framing materials for 2,300 s/f house might vary from $11,500 to $29,000, but still everything will depend on the design. Simply compare costs for wood and steel framing you might come up with very close numbers and actual expenses will depend on local fluctuations in prices. Estimating the total cost of house framing Pricing faming work per square foot will work only on a new construction or building home additions. Contractor will give exact estimate only after analyzing house plan and calculating labor hours and material expenses. Per hour rates will vary and depend on a location at the first place. Changing in plan after work begins might lead to increasing the cost. There is no such thing as charge per square foot to frame a bathroom or bedroom while remodeling a house. This type of work will be estimated based on hourly rate of a carpenter and will vary significantly depending on what will be involved. How much does it cost to frame a basement? Carpenter will charge $700 - $800 for building walls using wood 2 x 4 studs in 850 square feet basement. Additional few hundred will be charged for framing around HVAC ducts or other pipes which might run lower than basement ceiling joists. Depending on total number of rooms, material expenses might vary from $950 to $1,900. How much did you pay for framing a house? 
Dorback Burn, Findhorn The Dorback Burn (Scottish Gaelic: "Dorbag / Uisge Dhorbaig" ) is a right-bank tributary of the River Findhorn in northeast Scotland. It emerges from the northeast end of Lochindorb ( ) and flows northeast to a point where the A939 road and A940 road meet, where it is joined on its right by the Anaboard Burn. The Dorback then flows north, accompanied by the A940 for several miles until it is joined by the River Divie, which also enters from the right (east). Their combined waters flow on for a couple more miles to pass under the B9007 road and immediately enter the Findhorn ( ).
The Telephone Call "The Telephone Call" (German: "Der Telefon-Anruf") is a song by the German electronic music band Kraftwerk. It was released in 1987 as the second and final single from their ninth studio album, "Electric Café" (1986). The single was their second number-one on "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play and stayed two weeks at the number-one spot. It is the only Kraftwerk song to feature Karl Bartos on vocals.
20 Places In Tamil Nadu That Are Famous For Their Foods 6. Madurai- Jigarthanda and Kari Dosa. Jigarthanda is a famous cooler that is found in many road-side shops around Tamil nadu but nothing can match up to the taste of Madurai’s own Jigarthanda. Madurai is also very famous for the Konar Kadai Kari Dosa which is dosa made with mutton. Dosa and mutton? Hold your judgments before you taste it. 7.
Daniel Ewing George Daniel Ewing Jr (born March 26, 1983) is an American professional basketball, who played last for Neptūnas Klaipėda of the Lietuvos Krepšinio Lyga (LKL).
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
Life isn't really some intrinsic quality like that. Life is more of a series of processes. If those processes are occurring, then the material is alive.  Think of a bundle of sticks. It can undergo the process of burning and be on fire, but it isn't necessarily on fire. The atoms themselves are the same either way, but only in some cases are they undergoing the process of burning.
maiden-flight Home Dictionary Definitions maiden-flight LINK / CITE ADD TO FLASH CARDSmaiden-flight Noun ( plural maiden flights)The first flight of an airplane or other airborne vehicle, usually used to test or demonstrate the functions of the systems. The manufacturer's CEO was confident enough to ride as a passenger on the airship's maiden flight. English Wiktionary. Available under CC-BY-SA license. How would you define maiden-flight? Add your definition here. Sorry, the browser you are using is not currently supported. Disqus actively supports the following browsers: Firefox Chrome Internet Explorer 11+Safari Also Mentioned Inmermaidenmaiden-flightsmaidenshipmaiden-voyagemaiden-auntishmaidenlikemaidenlyin-flightflight-testmaiden Words near maiden-flight in the dictionarymaidchildrenmaidemaidenmaiden-auntishmaiden-flightmaiden-flightsmaiden-grassmaiden namemaiden-namemaiden-names 
Go Your Own Way Go Your Own Way. Go Your Own Way by Fleetwood Mac is featured in Rumours, the nineteenth episode of Season Two. It is sung by Rachel with the New Directions singing back-up and Finn and Puck on drums and guitar. Rachel performs this song as a serenade to Finn, who is still dating Quinn.
A crime committed is still a crime committed, even if later legislation makes the same action legal going forward.  That is unless there was specific action to pardon those convicted for that action.
Bow Wow (rapper) Shad Gregory Moss (born March 9, 1987), better known by his stage name Bow Wow (formerly Lil' Bow Wow), is an American rapper, actor and television host. As Lil' Bow Wow, he released his first album, Beware of Dog in 2000 at age 13, which was followed by Doggy Bag 2001. In 2003, Bow Wow released his third album Unleashed, which was the first album released without using Lil' in his name. As of September 27, 2015, Bow Wow had officially been signed to a new label, Bad Boy Records, which is owned by Puff Daddy.
Herpes question?
Vitex rasterflex32 experience?
solar eclipse solar eclipsesolar eclipsenoun The definition of a solar eclipse is when the moon blocks out sun. An example of a solar eclipse is when people cannot see the sun during the day. Your Dictionary definition and usage example. Copyright © 2018 by Love To Know Corp Link/Citesolar eclipse Webster's New World College Dictionary, Fifth Edition Copyright © 2014 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved. Link/Citesolar-eclipse Noun ( plural solar eclipses) (astronomy) A phenomenon occurring when the Moon passes between the Earth and the sun. English Wiktionary. Available under CC-BY-SA license. Link/Cite 
Prime Minister of Sri Lanka the Sri Lanka Police. During emergencies military units have been allocated to bolster security. At present the Prime Minister's Security Division is in charge of security of the Prime Minister. The post of Prime Minister of Ceylon was created in 1947 prior to independence from Britain and the formation of the Dominion of Ceylon in 1948. United National Party leader D. S. Senanayake became the first Prime Minister of Then Ceylon in 1947 after independence. In 1972 when Sri Lanka became a republic the name of the post changed to Prime Minister of Sri Lanka. With a Westminster-based political system
Restore whatsapp chat if no SD-card
Okay, ELI5: there are two main schools of thought in macroeconomics. The Austrian school says the economy runs best when the government takes a hands-off approach. The Keynesian school says that the economy runs best when the government nudges it in the right direction (putting on the brakes when the economy is going too fast and stepping on the gas when the economy is going too slow) Austerity (which is part of the Austrian school) is the idea that cutting government spending will create confidence in the market, which in turn stimulates the economy. The problem, as Paul Krugman would say, is that the confidence fairy is a myth. Austerity flatly does not work.  On the flip side, Keynsian economics says that during bad economic times, the government should come in and spend lots of money (called "stimulus" or "quantitative easing"). This stimulates the economy. And countries that tried Keynsian economics during the recent recession (including the US) have done *much* better than those that tried austerity.
The Human Immune System and Infectious Disease Specific immunity is a complement to the function of phagocytes and other elements of the innate immune system. In contrast to innate immunity, specific immunity allows for a targeted response against a specific pathogen.Only vertebrates have specific immune responses. Two types of white blood cells called lymphocytes are vital to the specific immune response.Lymphocytes are produced in the bone marrow, and mature into one of several subtypes. The two most common are T cells and B cells. An antigen is a foreign material that triggers a response from T and B cells.pecific immunity is a complement to the function of phagocytes and other elements of the innate immune system. In contrast to innate immunity, specific immunity allows for a targeted response against a specific pathogen.
Crouzon syndrome Crouzon syndrome| By admin | Add a Comment Crouzon syndrome is a congenital genetic disorder characterized by an anomalous fusion or bonding between the bones of the face and the skull. In normal cases, during the development of the brain, open sutures occurring between the bones permit the normal growth of the skull. However, when the bone sutures close earlier than normal, then the skull tends to form in the direction of the sutures that are still non-fused. Patients of Crouzon syndrome experience earlier than normal fusion of the facial and skull bones, which then results in abnormally shaped face, head, and teeth. Sponsored link The FGFR2 or fibroblast growth factor receptor genes occurring in chromosome 10, or the FGFR3 genes on chromosome 4 experience a mutation or genetic error which causes Crouzon syndrome. Crouzon syndrome is an uncommon condition and tends to affect an estimated 1.6 individuals per 100,000 people. They constitute around 4.5 percent of the patients affected by craniosynostosis disorder. Symptoms of Crouzon syndrome The following are some of the signs and symptoms of Crouzon syndrome: Eye abnormalities Improper alignment between the eyes leading to vision problem Increased distance or gap between the two eyes Shallow eye sockets leading to projection of eyeballs from their respective sockets Facial abnormalities Low set ears, which can increase the risk to complete or partial loss of hearing Lack of normal growth in the mid-face and upper jaw Beak like nose formation Narrow and tall palate A protruding chin All the above listed abnormal face and skull features lead to difficulties in breathing Pigmented and dark patches on the sides of the mouth, neck, and eye lids Other features Extreme instances of Crouzon syndrome may occur along with Meniere’s disease. Shorter growth of femur bone and the bone of forearm Partial syndactyly Hands and legs are free from defects Types of Crouzon syndrome fusions The varied patterns of fusion associated with Crouzon syndrome are listed below: Fusion of metopic suture: It is identified by the formation of a triangular shapedforehead. It is caused due to premature fusion of two frontal bones that restricts transverse growth of the skull and results in its parallel growth, thereby causing the triangular appearance of the skull. Fusion of sagittal suture: It causes the formation of narrow and long head, like an inverted boat, due to premature bonding of the two parietal bones Fusion of coronal structure: It is caused due to premature fusion of frontal bones with parietal bones, that results in a ‘front to back’ shortened skull diameter, i.e. flat head. Fusion of lambdoid and coronal suture: It refers to premature fusion of the skull bones that result in asymmetrical distortion of head, wherein the skull bones get flattened towards one side. Fusion of lamdboidal and coronal suture: It refers to premature fusion of parietal and occipital skull bones leading to oxycephalyor the high headed syndrome. Fusion of all sutures, results in Kellebalttscheaedel. Causes Crouzon syndrome is an inherited autosomal dominant disorder. It is caused due to mutations or errors in the fibroblast growth factor receptor or FGFR2 genes. Less commonly, it is caused due to mutated FGFR3 genes. Defects in any of these genes can result in premature fusion of the bones in the skull. Sponsored link The genetic mutations can be passed on from any one of the affected parents. Patients carry a fifty percent risk of passing on the genetic anomaly to their child. Crouzon does not result in defects of the legs and hands and hence is not similar to other kinds of craniosynostosis syndromes. However, abnormalities of the cervical spine are common. Diagnosis of Crouzon syndrome Apart from the signs and features listed above, diagnosis involves the use of below listed devices and tests to verify the correctness of diagnosis: X-ray CT scan Genetic tests Test of sample cells Information about a family history of the disease Treatment of Crouzon syndrome Depending on the type of abnormal fusi
. Where does photosynthesis take place? Photosynthesis takes place inside plant cells in small things called chloroplasts. Chloroplasts (mostly found in the mesophyll layer) contain a green substance called chlorophyll. Below are the other parts of the cell that work with the chloroplast to make photosynthesis happen. Structure of a mesophyll cell What role do these parts play? Cell walls: provide structural and mechanical support, protect cells against pathogens, maintain and determine cell shape, control the rate and direction of growth and generally provide form to the plant. Cytoplasm: provides the platform for most chemical processes, controlled by enzymes. Cell membrane: acts as a barrier, controlling the movement of substances into and out of the cell. Chloroplasts: As described above, simply contain chlorophyll, a green substance which absorbs light energy for photosynthesis. Vacuole: the container that holds moisture, and keeps the plant turgid. Nucleus: this contains genetic make (the DNA), which controls the activities of the cell. Chlorophyll absorbs the light energy needed to make photosynthesis happen. It is important to note that not all the color wavelengths of light are absorbed. Plants mostly absorb red and blue wavelengths — they do not absorb light from the green range. 
- Like english the n*-word refers to a black person and not the color itself. It was both part of the name of a certain sweet food bun (Directly translated n*-kiss) and also used in a nursery rhyme. Today the danish word is as bad as the english.
The Marrying Kind The Marrying Kind is a 1952 comedy-drama film directed by George Cukor, starring Aldo Ray and Judy Holliday. Other cast members include John Alexander, Charles Bronson, Peggy Cass, Barry Curtis, Tom Farrell, Frank Ferguson, Ruth Gordon (who co-wrote the screenplay with Garson Kanin), Gordon Jones, Madge Kennedy, Nancy Kulp, Mickey Shaughnessy, and Joan Shawlee.
Is there any search or browse facility for the questions on Quora?
What Causes Nail Fungus? < Back to Information Home What Causes Nail Fungus? Nail fungus can be caused by several different things and the cause of the infection is often difficult or even impossible to identify. Here are some common nail fungus culprits: Growing Older. It’s inevitable but as we age our bodies begin to break down and our immune systems to weaken. It is estimated that 1 in 4 people over the age of 50 contract nail fungus (source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24364524). The most common cause of nail fungus is aging due to the following factors: Weakening immune system Poor circulation Decreased nail growth Medical problems such as Diabetes Injury. Blunt force trauma or any other injury to the nail results in damage that could uplift the nail causing the nail bed to be more susceptible to entry by bacteria, dermatophytes, or other germs. Trauma to the nail could result from something as simple as stubbing your toe or dropping an object on your foot (source: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3193631/). Moisture. Dermataophytes and other bacteria thrive in warm, moist environments very similar to the environment created in closed toe shoes. Closed toe shoes serve as the perfect breeding ground for bacteria especially in the summertime when foot perspiration is more common. For this reason, toenail fungus is far more likely to occur than fingernail fungus. (source: http://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/tc/fungal-nail-infections-cause)Manicures and Pedicures. Be weary of any salon that doesn’t abide by a strict standard for sanitation procedure between clients. Equipment and instruments used by your nail technician during a manicure or pedicure such as a nail file, clippers, cuticle cutter, and other instruments should be washed thoroughly between uses in an antibacterial soap and then soaked in a Fungicidal solution to properly disinfect for the required length of time to kill any and all bacteria. It is not uncommon for reputable spas and salons to use disposable instruments between each client to ensure safety and prevent an outbreak of nail fungus among their clientele. If you are suspicious you may have contracted nail fungus from your local nail salon, give them a call ahead of time and inquire about their sanitation procedure, the quality of the disinfectant they use to sterilize their instruments, and if they rinse their foot baths or allow them to soak in a Fungicidal or Sporicidal solution between clients. If you prefer to be more elusive, you check for a certificate of health inspection which is likely hanging prominently on their wall. Public Places.. Showers, Sidewalks, Pools, Locker Rooms. Avoid walking barefoot in any of these publics places as they are prime opportunities to contract a nail infection and one of the major causes of nail fungus. In general, walking barefoot in any public place that is dark, wet, and where other people frequently walk barefoot dramatically increases the likelihood of toenail fungus. Wear water shoes or flip flops to be on the safe side. Athlete’s Foot. Did you know the same fungal bacteria that causes Athlete’s foot can cause toenail fungus, too? It’s true, athlete’s foot is a fungal infection of the dermis whereas nail fungus is concentrated underneath the nail bed. Shoes and Socks. This goes without say, always wear fresh, clean socks made out of a material that breathe. If your old gym sneakers have lasted the past 3 years it’s time to swap them out for a newer, more sanitary pair. Mesh shoes allow the foot to breathe more and are a safer candidate to wear. In the summertime, wear open toed shoes or sandals to allow your feet to get some air. If you have contracted nail fungus already and are looking for treatment, please refer to our guide for more in depth information on treating nail fungus. Next: Choosing a Nail Fungus Product 
A Tailor-Made Man (1922 film) A Tailor-Made Man is a 1922 American comedy silent film directed by Joe De Grasse and written by Albert Ray. The film stars Charles Ray, Tom Ricketts, Ethel Grandin, Victor Potel, Stanton Heck, Edythe Chapman, and Irene. The film was released on August 5, 1922, by United Artists. It is not known whether the film currently survives.
Arcadia Cemetery Arcadia, Hancock County, Ohio Arcadia Cemetery Arcadia, Hancock County, Ohio This is not a complete listing of burials! The records below were provided by contributors to Cemetery Records Online. Total records =79. Contributor's Index: [GF] Gary L. Franks [ engineer9@aol.com] The Franks Website Baker, Austin, b. 1854, d. 1935, s/o Garret and Patience [Watson] Baker, [GF] Baker, Elisha, b. 21 Dec 1810, d. 07 Feb 1878, h/o Mary [Bell] Baker, s/o Grafton and Mary [Madoull] Baker, [GF] Baker, Garret, b. 1819, d. 1892, h/o Patience [Watson] Baker, s/o Grafton and Mary [Madoull] Baker, [GF] Baker, Grafton, b. 21 Feb 1776, d. 12 Feb 1849, h/o Mary [Madoull] Baker, [GF] Baker, Laura Belle, b. 1859, d. 1884, d/o Garret and Patience [Watson] Baker, [GF] Baker, Mary [Bell], b. 31 Mar 1816, d. 13 Mar 1898, w/o Elisha Baker, [GF] Baker, Mary [Madoull], b. 26 Jan 1787, d. 28 Dec 1853, w/o Grafton Baker, [GF] Baker, Oscar, b. 1854, d. 1922, s/o Garret and Patience [Watson] Baker, [GF] Baker, Patience [Watson], b. 1824, d. 1882, w/o Garret Baker, [GF] Caldwell, Willard, b. 16 May 1875, d. 10 Nov 1958, s/o David and Christina A. [Huffman] Caldwell, [GF] Creighton, Gertrude Althea, b. 26 May 1875, d. 1953, w/o Rolla M. Creighton, d/o Austin and Isabell [Welsh] Ebersole, [GF] Creighton, Rolla M., b. 1879, d. 1938, h/o Gertrude Althea [Ebersole] Creighton, [GF] Crozier, Albert Harold, b. 16 Sep 1879, d. 29 Dec 1966, h/o Dora B. [Corbin] Crozier, s/o Reason W. and Elvira [Huffman] Crozier, [GF] Crozier, Dora B., b. 14 Jun 1884, d. 24 Jun 1953, w/o Albert Harold Crozier, d/o Peter F. and Ida [Raive] Corbin , [GF] Crozier, Earl H., b. 06 Jun 1890, d. 17 Mar 1932, h/o Mary [Wilcox] and Ethel [Weaver] and Edith Mae [Adams] Crozier, s/o Reason W. and Elvira [Huffman] Crozier, [GF] Crozier, Elvira, b. 21 Apr 1848, d. 26 Nov 1934, w/o Reason W. Crozier, d/o William Elijah and Margaret [Ruff] Huffman, [GF] Crozier, Frank L., b. 30 Nov 1887, d. 06 Mar 1955, h/o Julia [Duebber] Crozier, s/o Reason W. and Elvira [Huffman] Crozier, [GF] Crozier, Henry Edward, b. 09 Mar 1882, d. 27 Mar 1974, h/o Nora May [Wilshire] Crozier, s/o Reason W. and Elvira [Huffman] Crozier, [GF] Crozier, John, b. 08 Aug 1799, d. 14 Sep 1893, h/o Susan [Scott] Crozier, [GF] Crozier, Nora May [Wilshire], b. 02 May 1882, d. 10 Aug 1961, w/o Henry Edward Crozier, [GF] Crozier, Reason W., b. 23 Feb 1851, d. 26 May 1937, h/o Elvira [Huffman] Crozier, d/o John and Susan [Scott] Crozier, [GF] Crozier, Susan [Scott], b. 08 Aug 1825, d. 19 Mar 1900, w/o John Crozier, [GF] Darling, Alice, b. 17 Jun 1878, d. 02 Apr 1966, w/o Charles Snyder and Roy Weimer and Creighton Darling, d/o Hiram M. and Sarah Elizabeth [Anderson] Huffman, [GF] Ebersole, Austin, b. 21 Oct 1841, d. 1931, h/o Isabell Welsh, s/o John and Nancy L. [Baker] Ebersole, [GF] Ebersole, Belle, b. 06 Feb 1877, d. 03 Mar 1951, d/o John Phillip and Jenetta [Myers] Ebersole, [GF] Ebersole, Cora Elva, b. 28 Apr 1866, d. 20 Apr 1958, d/o Austin and Isabell [Welsh] Ebersole, [GF] Ebersole, Cora Mae, b. 17 Dec 1877, d. 04 Jul 1966, w/o Earl Edmund Ebersole, d/o Addison and Sarah Jane [Bear] Huffman, [GF] Ebersole, Earl Edmund, b. 25 Jul 1884, d. 13 Oct 1969, h/o Cora Mae [Huffman] Ebersole, [GF] Ebersole, Isabell [Welsh], b. 22 Nov 1841, d. 22 Feb 1925, w/o Austin Ebersole, [GF] Ebersole, John Delber, b. 30 Oct 1868, d. 1954, s/o Austin and Isabell [Welsh] Ebersole, [GF] Ebersole, John, b. 1812, d. 1862, h/o Nancy L. [Baker] Ebersole, [GF] Ebersole, Nancy L., b. 05 Oct 1820, d. 17 May 1883, w/o John Ebersole, d/o Grafton and Mary [Madoull] Baker, [GF] Fox, Arial Elizabeth, b. 03 Dec 1844, d. 1922, w/o Omer P. Fox, d/o John and Nancy L. [Baker] Ebersole, [GF] Fox, Omer P., b. 1844, d. 1918, h/o Arial Elizabeth [Ebersole] Fox, [GF] Gassman, Edward E., b. 10 Feb 1895, d. Sep 1981, h/o Helen C. [Baker] Gassman , [GF] Henry, Darrell Wayne, b. 27 Apr 1948, d. 19 Nov 1976, s/o Wayne Russell and Esther Mae [Huffman] Henry, [GF] Hottle, Charlotte M., b. 1858, d. 1937, w/o Homer Allen Hottle, d/o Garret and Patience [Watson] Bak
Is sleep ethical?
Great Offices of State State as Home Secretary. Great Offices of State The Great Offices of State in the United Kingdom are the four most senior and prestigious posts in the British government. They are the Prime Minister, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Foreign Secretary and Home Secretary. According to convention, when the Prime Minister names his or her Cabinet, either after a general election or a mid-term reshuffle, the first Cabinet ministers to be announced are the Chancellor, the Foreign Secretary and the Home Secretary. James Callaghan is the only person to date to have served in all four positions. In the past hundred
- A Japanese word meaning 'My'. Watashi is generally used by girls, and 'boku no' or 'ore no' can be used by boys to say 'my'. Although the japanese word mai also means 'My', it is used when not referring to oneself, or when it is from a neutral tone. Watashi no sekai. My world.
Nick Carter marries girlfriend Lauren Kitt in Santa Barbara ceremony Nick Carter marries girlfriend Lauren Kitt in Santa Barbara ceremony BY Rachel Maresca NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Sunday, April 13, 2014, 12:27 PMfacebook Tweet email Nick Carter marries Lauren Kitt in a Santa Barbara ceremony Saturday. (Hector Campos/Splash News)BSB fans, Nick Carter is officially off the market. The 34-year-old boy bander tied the knot with his longtime love Lauren Kitt in a beautiful ceremony alongside the ocean in Santa Barbara Saturday. Fellow Backstreet Boys AJ Mc Lean, Howie Dorough and Brian Littrell were among the wedding guests, Us Weekly reported. Carter emotionally read his own vows to Kitt and "Lauren reached out and put her hand on his chest," an eyewitness told the mag. "Lauren held Nick's hand and dried tears from her eyes. ""At the end of the ceremony they shared the longest wedding kiss I've ever seen. A full minute later they were still kissing. They seem crazy in love and thrilled to be married. You could feel the love bursting out of them," a second insider added. The couple's romantic union comes a little over a year after Carter popped the question during a vacation in the Florida Keys after four years together. Nick Carter kissing his new bride Lauren Kitt in Santa Barbara Saturday. (Hector Campos/Splash News)They do! Nick Carter wed Lauren Kitt Saturday. (Hector Campos/Splash News)Fans will soon be able to get a closer their nuptials as it was all filmed for a TV special. On a mobile device? Click here to watch video. Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emailsprivacy policy Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet 
What is the difference between Jamaican people and black people? Society & Culture Cultures & Groups Other - Cultures & Groups What is the difference between Jamaican people and black people? Some of my cousins say they are black, jamaican, cuban, and puerto rican. My thing is, what is the difference between blacks and jamaicans. I'm jamaican also, i have Jamaican ancestry. But are jamaicans and black people both africans? Some people say i'm half jamaican, and half black. Isn't that the same thing? I... show more8 following 12 answers Answers Relevance Rating Newest Oldest Best Answer: First of all, responding to the first person who answered, not all blacks are African American. I'm sick and tired of correcting some of you people. If a black person was born in Jamaica, Barbados or Brazil that does not make them African American!!!!! Secondly, responding to the actual question there is no difference between blacks and Jamaicans. "Jamaican" is just a nationality just like American is, while on the other hand black is a race. Ever heard of the black disapora? Well, many people here (Jamaicans) belong to it since most people here are black, despite the fact that there are other races here too. I hope that answered your question. Puerto Rican and Cuban aren't races either, they're nationalities. Cuba is right beside Jamaica and Puerto Rico on the other hand is right beside Hispaniola. Source (s): I'm a black Jamaican Red6 · 10 years ago28 3 1 comment Asker's rating Jamaican people can be of ANY race, they can Indian (South Asian),Chinese,White or another race. Most Jamaicans are Black or of partial Black heritage Kevin7 · 4 years ago4 0 1 commentsome of the things that the last person said aren't true, jamaicans are a different race somewhat, this can be proven because of the un-natural selection of africans when being transported to jamaica hence the fittest of africans. this is also why jamaicans are known for running so fast in the shortest period of time, also they seem to sometimes have lankier faces which is because the white slave owners sometimes had children with the slaves but they were still passed and had children with more africans so in summary they still had white in them Sophia · 4 years ago2 5 Comment As a black folk myself I can vouch for being called a colored person or simply black.. ex. Take this bag to the black girl over there. I personally take of fence to being called afro american because I m not american or born in Africa myself, only ancient ancestry was.lisa · 3 years ago2 1 Commentfor the most part, none. The average Jamaican is black. There are Indians, Asians, and Whites in Jamaica, but for the most they're white. Jamaican basically means a black person from Jamaica. If you're Asian, or Indian they'll have to mention like an Indo- Jamaican, same way they call people African American, Asian American, etc that aren't white Shadow Moses · 10 years ago14 7 2 comments Jamaican is a nationality, Black is a race Most Jamaicans are black Not all black people are Jamaican, varying where they were born Blah Blah · 10 years ago27 3 Comment Even tho In Jamaica its predominately blacks. Jamaicans are Jamaicans. We don't call Indians, Indian jamaica or Chinese, Asian Jamaicans etc. Jamaicans are Jamaicans. You're decendants of wherever, but you're still Jamaican. Point blank and we will all tell u that. Dione · 1 year ago0 0 Comment They are black for sure but not Africans. Rebeca · 2 years ago0 0 Comment Blacks, aside from culture, dialect and geographic location, tend to have a very similar approach and way, whether they're American, Islander, Afro-Latino or from Africa itself. Most Jamaicans are black by the way. And SOME Cubans and Puerto Ricans are black/have black ancestry but not all of them. Dusk · 10 years ago16 5 Comment Jamaican people are normally Black. Black Americans and Jamaicans are both of African ancestory, its just that one group were taken to America during slavery, while the other were taken to Jamaica. In England,Jamaican people are just classed as 'Black', there is no distinction be
. pippo 2003-06-04 19:10:27 UTC #1Hi guys, I was reading the latest release of the monthly ezine at daemonnews: http://ezine.daemonnews.org/200306/Reading the book review of the latest Free BSD's book, my attention was captured by a reference to a RFC document ( rfc2606, precisely ). The content of it can be downloaded here: http://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2606.txt ( don't worry they are just few pages, 5 precisely )One of the most interesting part of that memo is that it gives a list of Second Level Domain Names that can be used for testing and that can be used in the examples, they are:example.com example.net example.org Try typing www.example.com and you will see a nice page with a little explanation and a link to the document I named before. The aim of this post is to launch a request for collaboration from you guys. In fact I invite you all to follow that memo and in particular to use inside our examples those domain names instead of domain.com, mydomain.com or mytest.net that are real domains. So, basically, mine is a gentle invite to you all and me in first place to follow that memo when using some domains name as example in our posts. A real world example could help you to understand: Q: Hi, I need to redirect subdomain.example.com to www.example.com/subdomain/ etc etc Thanks, Andrea 
Her mature artistic statement was visible in True Blue (1986) and Like a Prayer (1989). In True Blue, she incorporated classical music in order to engage an older audience who had been skeptical of her music. Like a Prayer introduced live recorded songs and incorporated different genres of music, including dance, funk, R&B and gospel music. Her versatility was further shown on I'm Breathless, which consists predominantly of the 1940s Broadway showtune-flavoured jazz, swing and big band tracks. Madonna continued to compose ballads and uptempo dance songs for Erotica (1992) and Bedtime Stories (1994). Both albums explored element of new jack swing, with Jim Farber from Entertainment Weekly saying that "she could actually be viewed as new jack swing's godmother." She tried to remain contemporary by incorporating samples, drum loops and hip hop into her music. With Ray of Light, Madonna brought electronic music from its underground status into massive popularity in mainstream music scene.
Define “*useful*”. If useful takes criteria like economical or efficient into account, then no. Any cutting or destruction the LHC is capable of is done more easily/efficiently by more traditional methods. Do realize, this is a machine that requires insane amounts of energy to operate. The proton beam could penetrate solid rock pretty far, but that doesn't really mean it's good for cutting since the beam is so thin and the energy requirements absurd for that kind of work.
These things are often taken into account, but even when you take that into account it still turns out that white people are over represented. The US Census says that non-Hispanic white people are about 62% of the US population. However, more than 62% of actors on major TV shows are white (from my experience. I haven't counted it all up). Given the population disparity, one would still expect a majority white world, but it would be significantly less white than what is usually shown. I realize that's answered largely in terms of TV, but the same logic applies to the office example (though you would have to examine the demographics more locally in that case).
Welcome to the Show (TV series) Welcome to the Show () was a 2011 South Korean television sitcom that aired on SBS. It starred Im Seulong, Sulli Choi, Nichkhun, Kim Jang-hoon, and Kim Kwang-kyu. SBS's real life show "Inkigayo" serves as the backdrop to the show.
Laws were instituted that required every able-bodied male Japanese citizen, regardless of class, to serve a mandatory term of three years with the first reserves and two additional years with the second reserves. This action, the deathblow for the samurai warriors and their daimyo feudal lords, initially met resistance from both the peasant and warrior alike. The peasant class interpreted the term for military service, ketsu-eki (blood tax) literally, and attempted to avoid service by any means necessary. The Japanese government began modelling their ground forces after the French military. The French government contributed greatly to the training of Japanese officers. Many were employed at the military academy in Kyoto, and many more still were feverishly translating French field manuals for use in the Japanese ranks.
Carthage on agriculture written by Mago of Carthage survives only via quotations in Latin from several later Roman works. Carthage Carthage (; , "", "New City"; ; , "Qarṭāj") was the center or capital city of the ancient Carthaginian civilization, on the eastern side of the Lake of Tunis in what is now the Tunis Governorate in Tunisia. The city developed from a Phoenician colony into the capital of a Punic empire dominating the Mediterranean during the first millennium BC. The legendary Queen Dido is regarded as the founder of the city, though her historicity has been questioned. According to accounts
Other influential Muslim philosophers include al-Jahiz, a pioneer in evolutionary thought; Ibn al-Haytham (Alhazen), a pioneer of phenomenology and the philosophy of science and a critic of Aristotelian natural philosophy and Aristotle's concept of place (topos); Al-Biruni, a critic of Aristotelian natural philosophy; Ibn Tufail and Ibn al-Nafis, pioneers of the philosophical novel; Shahab al-Din Suhrawardi, founder of Illuminationist philosophy; Fakhr al-Din al-Razi, a critic of Aristotelian logic and a pioneer of inductive logic; and Ibn Khaldun, a pioneer in the philosophy of history.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT The estimated initial investment required per franchise location ranges from approximately $245,000.00 to $410,000.00 for a standard Little Caesars carry-out location. Of course, costs vary based on a variety of factors.
There is a rule of thumb about energy from food sources, energy efficiency as a food sources decreases by an order of magnitude (100 - > 10) every step away from the sun. Things directly raised on the sun are most efficient (plants) then things that eat plants (cows, deer, chickens, pigs) then things that eat those being the least efficient. This happens because only a fraction of the energy obtained from the food source is stored. Making up numbers here, but let's say 100kj of energy go from the sun to some corn. A bunny eats the corn and only gets about 10kj of energy. Whatever eats that gets only 1kj of the original. Because of this eating corn and plant eating animals is the most efficient way to get energy.
Is there any sentence that includes all 26 letters of alphabet? Best Answer: These kinds of sentences are called pangrams (meaning all letters). Here's a sampler, concluding with one of the SHORTEST possible (using each letter only once): Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs. Sphinx of black quartz judge my vow.
Jared Padalecki Jared Tristan Padalecki ( born July 19 , 1982 ) is an American actor . He is best known for his role as Sam Winchester on Supernatural . He grew up in Texas and rose to fame in the early 2000s after appearing on the television series Gilmore Girls as well as such films as New York Minute and House of Wax .
Yes it does. Here is a good explanation.  _URL_0_
2 weeks in italy in early december Report Abuse Italy in December will be chilly, could be rainy and will have short days. I think cities are better in that situation because you can spend time inside of museums, churches, etc, if the weather is bad and outside during nice weather.
Welcome to the Purdue OWL Image Caption: This is an example of the active voice because the sentence subject performs the action. Image Caption: This is an example of the passive voice. Image Caption: This is an example of an active voice sentence because the sentence subject performs the action. Image Caption: This is an example of the passive voice. Image Caption: This is an example of an active voice sentence because its subject performs the action expressed in the verb.
This review was deemed to be not helpful at all, hence a rating of zero stars.
The ribs act like tiny beams, reinforcing the side of the can against crushing. A smooth-sided can is much easier to dent.
Forms of Energy Thermal energy, or heat, is the energy that comes from the movement of atoms and molecules in a substance. Heat increases with increases in the speed that these particles move. Geothermal energy is the thermal energy in the earth. Motion energy is energy stored in the movement of objects
/u/Yourregularredditor You are probably experiencing what are called entoptic phenomena. In the case of the tiny circles that you see, if they're point sized, like little dots, what you're actually seeing are the tiny little white blood cells squiggling around in your arteries. /u/astrosoup I'm not sure what you mean. Are you talking about floaters when you look at a bright blue sky ? If they look kind of transparent and look like worms or little accumulations that seem to move with your eyes, then that's just part of the vitreous humour (the thick, transparent fluid in the back of your eye), which has clumped up and stagnated. They float around, and are called 'floaters'
Also, it's much more challenging for individuals to stay on pitch and in tune when surrounded by others singing different tunes. Keeping the voices together helps everyone song the right notes.
Expansion of Highbury was restricted because the East Stand had been designated as a Grade II listed building and the other three stands were close to residential properties. These limitations prevented the club from maximising matchday revenue during the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century, putting them in danger of being left behind in the football boom of that time. After considering various options, in 2000 Arsenal proposed building a new 60,361-capacity stadium at Ashburton Grove, since named the Emirates Stadium, about 500 metres south-west of Highbury. The project was initially delayed by red tape and rising costs, and construction was completed in July 2006, in time for the start of the 2006–07 season. The stadium was named after its sponsors, the airline company Emirates, with whom the club signed the largest sponsorship deal in English football history, worth around £100 million; some fans referred to the ground as Ashburton Grove, or the Grove, as they did not agree with corporate sponsorship of stadium names. The stadium will be officially known as Emirates Stadium until at least 2028, and the airline will be the club's shirt sponsor until the end of the 2018–19 season. From the start of the 2010–11 season on, the stands of the stadium have been officially known as North Bank, East Stand, West Stand and Clock end.
Square, Inc. Square Register allows individuals and merchants in the United States, Canada, and Japan to accept offline debit and credit cards on their iOS or Android smartphone or tablet computer.quare charges $99 for Square Stand and $29 for its chip-based Square Reader. The Square app is also freely downloadable from the App Store and the Google Play Store. Square charges a fee of 2.75% on every credit card transaction.
- Cammie King Conlon, who played Rhett Butler and Scarlet O'Hara's daughter Bonnie Blue in Gone With the Wind in 1939 has lost her battle with lung cancer. Conlon was 76.
Courteney Cox Courteney Bass Cox ( born June 15 , 1964 ) is an American actress , producer , and director . She is best known for her roles as Monica Geller on the NBC sitcom Friends , Gale Weathers in the horror series Scream , and Jules Cobb in the ABC/TBS sitcom Cougar Town , for which she earned her first Golden Globe nomination . Cox also starred in the FX series Dirt . She owns a production company , called Coquette Productions , which was created by Cox and her then-husband David Arquette . Cox also worked as a director on her sitcom Cougar Town and the television film Talhotblond .
Victoria visited mainland Europe regularly for holidays. In 1889, during a stay in Biarritz, she became the first reigning monarch from Britain to set foot in Spain when she crossed the border for a brief visit. By April 1900, the Boer War was so unpopular in mainland Europe that her annual trip to France seemed inadvisable. Instead, the Queen went to Ireland for the first time since 1861, in part to acknowledge the contribution of Irish regiments to the South African war. In July, her second son Alfred ("Affie") died; "Oh, God! My poor darling Affie gone too", she wrote in her journal. "It is a horrible year, nothing but sadness & horrors of one kind & another."
Floyd Rose and other floating bridge tips please I originally posted this in /metal cause Im a metalhead at heart... anyway

Ive had a Ibanez Prestige for a few years I set it up with a friend I had it set to play in Eb, and would set back fine when changing strings, so things were fine.

I did a pickup exchange had a good guy do it and then he set the guitar back up in standard E (i forgot to tell him i do Eb), did some intonation and other re-set up maintenance.

I got the guitar into the Eb but theres a buzz even on his initial set up

Post your floyd rose or Ibanez floating bridges tips here ! String change, bridge adjustments, fret buzz, tuning, and string gauge changes.

Edit: since the first post the guitar strings needed a better stretch and I did a little tension adjustment, I still have a buzz in the wound strings that wast there before I got the pick up switched
church house would christian church allow ordination gay and lesbian priests The part of the Book of Leviticus which sentences homosexuals to death also: permits polygamy, bans tattoos, prohibits eating meat that isn’t well-cooked, prohibits eating rabbits, pigs or some forms of seafood, and prohibits the wearing of clothes made of blended textiles (such as polyester). Most Christians accept that parts of the Bible were written according to the out-dated social opinions of the time and can be taken lightly. The only New Testament comments about homosexuality come from the moralising apostle Paul; there is nothing directly from Jesus, in the Gospels themselves.

This comment is not toxic.
Press-Register From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2012) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Press-Register The September 26, 2006 front page of the Press-Register Type Thrice Weekly newspaper Format Broadsheet Owner (s) Advance Publications Publisher Ricky Mathews Editor Mike Marshall Founded 1813Headquarters 401 North Water Street Mobile, Alabama 36602Sister newspapers The Huntsville Times The Birmingham News The Mississippi Press Website www.al.com/press-register/www.gulflive.com/mississippipress/Logo of the Press-Register in 2006The Press-Register (known from 1997 to 2006 as the Mobile Register) is a thrice-weekly newspaper serving the southwest Alabama counties of Mobile and Baldwin. The newspaper is a descendant of one founded in 1813, making the Press-Register Alabama's oldest newspaper. It is owned by Advance Publications, which also owns the primary newspapers in Birmingham, Alabama, Huntsville, Alabama and New Orleans, Louisiana. The Press-Register had a daily publication schedule since the inception of its predecessors in the early 1800s until September 30, 2012, at which time it and its sister papers reduced to print editions only on Wednesday, Fridays and Sundays. The Press Register also publishes an edition for the Mississippi Gulf Coast, The Mississippi Press. Contents [ hide ]1 Nineteenth century2 Twentieth century3 Twenty-first century4 The Mississippi Press5 Cutbacks6 See also7 References8 External links Nineteenth century [ edit]The Mobile Gazette was founded and began publication shortly after Mobile was captured by United States troops in April 1813 after 33 years under Spanish rule. Another Mobile-based newspaper would begin publishing on December 10, 1821 as The Mobile Commercial Register by former Boston, Massachusetts resident and Savannah, Georgia merchant Jonathan Battelle, along with John W. Townsend of a Montgomery, Alabama newspaper. One year later, the Gazette was taken over by the Register, making it a good purchase for one Thaddeus Sanford in 1828. Under Sanford, the Mobile Patriot newspaper was bought out, thus becoming part of the daily Mobile Daily Commercial Register and Patriot in 1832. The Register is sold yet again in 1837, this time to Epapheas Kibby and Mobile attorney John Forsyth Jr., who would have a 40-year relationship with the paper until his death in 1877. The New York Times' eulogy for Forsyth included the phrase, "most important Democratic editor of the South". Mobile's yellow fever epidemic forced the Register to publish only three times a week in 1839. Once Sanford reclaimed what he purchased years before, he combined the Register with the Merchants and Planters Journal, resulting in The Mobile Register and Journal in 1841. Communication's latest innovation the telegraph became the Register 's means of receiving news in 1848. After C. A. and C. M. Bradford's purchase of the Register 's one-half interest, the paper was renamed The Mobile Daily Register in 1849. Forsyth once again bought back the Register in 1854. Future Confederate colonel and Kentucky poet Theodore O'Hara joined the Register shortly before the American Civil War. Swiss-born propagandist for the Confederacy Henry Hotze also worked for the paper for a time before the war. It would take the conflict beginning in 1861 to combine the Mobile Daily Register and competitor The Mobile Daily Advertiser to form The Mobile Daily Advertiser and Register. About three years after the war, the Register was sold and combined again, this time to William d'Alton Mann of The Mobile Times and The Mobile Daily Register. Isaac Donovan's arrival as the Register 's new owner in 1871 marked the beginning of a new era for the stable newspaper, including a new position for editor Charles Carter Langdon. Langdon would become the Register 's agricultural editor, giving him the opportunity to promote scientific 
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
How Do Chameleons Change Color How Do Chameleons Change Color. Color change in chameleons has functions in social communication and in reactions to temperature and alternative conditions, further as in camouflage. The relative importance of those functions varies with the circumstances, further because the species.
High Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents High Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents What is blood pressure? Blood pressure, measured with a blood pressure cuff around an arm or leg, is the force of the blood pushing against the artery walls. Two numbers are recorded when measuring blood pressure: The higher number, or systolic pressure, refers to the highest pressure inside the artery. It occurs when the heart contracts and pumps blood out to the body. The lower number, or diastolic pressure, refers to the lowest pressure inside the artery. It occurs when the heart relaxes and fills with blood. Each time the heart beats, it pumps blood into the arteries, resulting in the highest blood pressure, the systolic pressure, as the heart contracts, and the lowest blood pressure, the diastolic pressure, as the heart relaxes. Both the systolic and diastolic pressures are recorded as "mm Hg" (millimeters of mercury). What is high blood pressure? High blood pressure means that there is higher than normal pressure inside the arteries either during systole (when the heart contracts and pumps blood through the body), or during diastole (when the heart relaxes and fills with blood. )If the pressure is high during the pumping phase (systole), then the first number recorded with a blood pressure reading (the systolic pressure) will be high. If the pressure is high during the relaxation phase (diastole), then the second number recorded (the diastolic pressure) will be high. High blood pressure is also called hypertension. Is a blood pressure reading always the same? Blood pressure can be affected by many factors, including, but not limited to, the following: The time of day. Blood pressures fluctuate during waking hours, and are lower during sleep. Physical activity. Blood pressure is usually higher during and immediately after exercise, and lower at periods of rest. Emotional moods and stress. Feelings such as fear, anger, or happiness can affect the blood pressure. Age, height, weight, and gender. Each of these can affect blood pressure. Other illnesses present or medications you are taking. Other illnesses, including kidney disease or heart disease, affect blood pressure, as can certain medications. Adolescents may be anxious in a doctor's office, not knowing what may happen. Your doctor is aware that any emotions related to visiting the clinic can affect blood pressure and may give falsely high readings. Before determining that your child has high blood pressure, a doctor or nurse will take several readings when your child is calm. When is the blood pressure too high? Blood pressures vary depending on the age of your child, as well as according to his or her height, weight, and gender. For example, an infant may have a quite normal blood pressure of 80/45, while that value in an adult is considered low. A teenager may have an acceptable blood pressure of 110/70, but that value would be of concern in a toddler. Generally, blood pressure is low in infancy, and rises slowly as children age. Boys' blood pressures are slightly higher than girls', and taller people generally have higher blood pressures than short people. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) has prepared a series of age- and gender-specific blood pressure measurement tables for children ages 3 through 17 years, based on percentiles. A range of blood pressure values is given based on how old and how tall your child is. According to the tables, if your adolescent has a blood pressure that is higher than 90% to 95% of other males or females his or her age and height, then he or she may have high blood pressure. Why is high blood pressure a concern? High blood pressure, or hypertension, directly increases the risk of coronary heart disease (heart attack) and stroke. Heart attack and stroke related to high blood pressure are rare in children and adolescents. Yet, high blood pressure can start without any other signs or symptoms and persist undetected for years if not measured. If undiagnosed high blood pressure exists in childhood, then young adults in
Them Bones "Them Bones" is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains. The song was released as the second single from their second album, "Dirt" (1992). The song was also included on the compilation albums "" (1999), "Music Bank" (1999), "Greatest Hits" (2001), "The Essential Alice in Chains" (2006). A live performance of the song is included on their release entitled "Live".
I don't claim to have a huge degree of knowledge, but I would say a bidet is better for the environment by several orders of magnitude. Toilet paper, and all paper, requires a large amount of water to prepare, not to mention the lose of trees (also require water), the machines used to cut and transport the trees, energy to turn it into paper, packaging, packaging waste, clogging of pipes (halts water drainage) etc. Whereas a bidet is basically a faucet added to a toilet.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
I guess because of exaggerations, and title clickbaits.  Let's say some laboratory made some small discovery which helps them understand a disease more, but there's still a lot of uncertainty and problems on the way to curing it. But it somewhat helps and they are one step closer now. Now they make an article, article goes with somewhat like "Scientists understood the way X works and it's massive breakthrough in X study", and then article itself explains why they are still very far from curing X. And then redditor reposts it with title "Science about to cure X!" and as the article is huge and complex most people never read it and just assume we're about to cure X.
mestizo noun, plural mestizos, mestizoes. 1. a person of mixed racial or ethnic ancestry, especially, in Latin America, of mixed American Indian and European descent or, in the Philippines, of mixed native and foreign descent. He stopped not far from the boat of the mestizo, and listened.
. PORTABLE GENERATOR FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONSWhat is the difference between rated watts and maximum (surge) watts? Rated watts describe the amount of power the portable generator can produce continuously. Maximum wattage is the power that the generator can produce for short periods of time. Motor starting is a good example of maximum wattage requirements. Can I use a portable generator for backup during a power outage? Yes. You can plug household appliances and devices into a portable generator, but not all simultaneously. Never plug your generator into an outlet in your home or business. If you would like to connect a portable generator to your home’s wiring system, have a certified electrician install an approved manual power transfer switch in compliance with electrical codes. What is a transfer switch? A transfer switch allows you to connect a portable generator to your home’s electrical system, while safely disconnecting you from the utility grid. This will eliminate any chance of a dangerous back-feed. What is a back-feed? A back-feed occurs when a generator is plugged into an electrical outlet, feeding power back onto utility lines. This creates a life-threatening hazard for any utility employees working to restore power to these lines. Does the portable generator need to be grounded? Yes. For safety, the generator must be properly grounded. If the generator is not grounded, you run the risk of electrocution. We strongly recommend that you check and adhere to all applicable federal, state and local regulations relating to grounding. Can I vent the exhaust out of an enclosed area? No. Never run the generator in the home or an enclosed area. Portable generators are designed to run outside where there is plenty of ventilation. Generator exhaust, like that of all gasoline engines, contains poisonous carbon monoxide. Portable Generator Safety Tips Can the generator be used during inclement weather? Generators can be used during a wide variety of weather temperatures, but should be protected from the elements when not in use to prevent shorting and rusting. NEVER run a generator indoors. How often should I perform routine maintenance? Check your owner's manual for the recommended maintenance schedule. Where can I purchase parts? Parts can be purchased through any Authorized Dealer. Refer to the Dealer Locator section on the manufacturers Web site to find a dealer near you. 
I've come very close to heat stroke before during a strenuous fast march, and the feeling is sickening. I ended up in a medical center on a drip. First, you sweat, a lot. I mean, my boots were filled with 2-3 cups of sweat each. Your sweat gradually gets less and less salty as you lose sodium, so you'll be able to taste the difference. Then, you stop sweating. You actually run out of water to sweat out. And this is where it gets bad. With no water left in your system, you stop radiating heat. Heat just builds up inside of you until you shut down. You throw up and cramp all over as you're dangerously low on electrolytes. You actually lose control of all your muscles, it's a weird feeling. You get a terrible headache and start talking incoherently rolling around on the floor. If i had kept going I might have gone into heat stroke but thankfully I had medical attention nearby.
Rejuvenation (aging) Rejuvenation (aging)From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Rejuvenation is a medical discipline focused on the practical reversal of the aging process. [1]Rejuvenation is distinct from life extension. Life extension strategies often study the causes of aging and try to oppose those causes in order to slow aging. Rejuvenation is the reversal of aging and thus requires a different strategy, namely repair of the damage that is associated with aging or replacement of damaged tissue with new tissue. Rejuvenation can be a means of life extension, but most life extension strategies do not involve rejuvenation. Contents [ hide ]1 Historical and cultural background2 Modern developments3 Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence4 Scientific journal5 See also6 References Historical and cultural background [ edit]Various myths tell the stories about the quest for rejuvenation. It was believed that magic or intervention of a supernatural power can bring back the youth and many mythical adventurers set out on a journey to do that, for themselves, their relatives or some authority that sent them. An ancient Chinese emperor actually sent out ships of young men and women to find a pearl that would rejuvenate him. This led to a myth among modern Chinese that Japan was founded by these people. In some religions, people were to be rejuvenated after death prior to placing them in heaven. The stories continued well into the 16th century. The Spanish explorer Juan Ponce de León led an expedition around the Caribbean islands and into Florida to find the Fountain of Youth. Led by the rumors, the expedition continued the search and many perished. The Fountain was nowhere to be found as locals were unaware of its exact location. Since the emergence of philosophy, sages and self-proclaimed wizards always made enormous efforts to find the secret of youth, both for themselves and for their noble patrons and sponsors. It was widely believed that some potions may restore the youth. Another commonly cited approach was attempting to transfer the essence of youth from young people to old. Some examples of this approach were sleeping with virgins or children (sometimes literally sleeping, not necessarily having sex), [2] bathing in or drinking their blood. The quest for rejuvenation reached its height with alchemy. All around Europe, and also beyond, alchemists were looking for the Philosopher's Stone, the mythical substance that, as it was believed, could not only turn lead into gold, but also prolong life and restore youth. Although the set goal was not achieved, alchemy paved the way to the scientific method and so to the medical advances of today. Serge Abrahamovitch Voronoff was a French surgeon born in Russia who gained fame for his technique of grafting monkey testicle tissue on to the testicles of men while working in France in the 1920s and 1930s. This was one of the first medically accepted rejuvenation therapies (before he was proved to be wrong around 1930–1940). The technique brought him a great deal of money, although he was already independently wealthy. As his work fell out of favor, he went from being a highly respected surgeon to a subject of ridicule. By the early 1930s, over 500 men had been treated in France by his rejuvenation technique, and thousands more around the world, such as in a special clinic set up in Algiers. [3] Noteworthy people who had the surgery included Harold Mc Cormick, chairman of the board of International Harvester Company, [4] and the aging premier of Turkey. [5]Swiss doctor Paul Niehans, who was one of the fathers of cellular therapy, developed in 1931–1949 years the so-called Fresh cell therapy. Fresh cell therapy is mainly the use of live animal embryo organs cells which are injected into the patient with the purpose of achieving a revitalizing effect. These cells are generally extracted from sheep ’s fetuses because in comparison to other animals, like pigs, rabbits and cows, sheep are clean animals and rarely contact diseases. Of course animal cells are not able to
How to Estimate the Cost for a Patio Enclosure How to Estimate the Cost for a Patio Enclosure. Enclosures can range from a cozy retreat to a summer party venue. A patio enclosure costs an average of $11,000, with the low end at $3,000 and the high end at $20,000, according to HomeAdvisor.com.At the extremes, a basic roof-plus-screening job can cost about $500 while a fully tricked-out sunroom averages $73,000.Considering the range of options available, you'll need some fairly firm ideas of what you want in a patio enclosure to estimate the cost.allet Busters. The biggest cost of a more elaborate enclosure, such as a sunroom, is the windows. A sunroom is typically defined as having at least 40 percent of its walls made of glass. Window prices vary. A lot. For example, a 2-foot-by-3-foot window can cost between $60 to $260 each at a home-improvement store.
Pretty much every nuclear detonation does occur in mid air, including the ones that produce the familiar mushroom cloud
Herk Harvey Harold Arnold Harvey (June 3, 1924 – April 3, 1996) — known as Herk Harvey — was an American film director, screenwriter, actor and film producer.
All About Minerals Why iodine is good for you. Iodine is required to make the thyroid hormones that regulate metabolism. While iodine's only function is to make thyroid hormones, it still has a very important role in the body. The thyroid hormones play a big role in growth, cell reproduction, nerve functions and how cells use oxygen. One of the thyroid hormones-thyroxin-regulates how fast energy is used from food.
Warrick County Security Center Warrick County Security Center Warrick County - County Jail - Indiana Arrest Records Send Books Prison Information Warrick County Security Center is a county jail facility located in Indiana. Warrick County Security Center is located at 100 State Road 62 West PO Box 487 Boonville, IN 47601. Warrick County Security Center's phone number is 812-897-6096 812-897-6180 . Friends and family who are attempting to locate a recently detained family member can use that number to find out if the person is being held at Warrick County Security Center. If you need to send a fax to the facility, you can use their fax number: 812-897-3654 . If you know that a person is being detained at the facility and want to be able to communicate with them, you need to follow the jail's instructions for inmate phone calls. Warrick County Security Center uses Securus Tech for inmate phone calls;you can find instructions about how to pay for inmate calls and be placed on a call list at their website. To send mail to an inmate at the facility, use the following mailing address: . Warrick County Security Center's website, http://www.warrickcountysheriff.com/jail/jail.html can provide additional information about mailing packages to inmates. County jails tend to serve multiple functions and why a person is being detained in a jail facility helps determine many of the conditions of his or her incarceration. Jail is generally the first place a person is taken after being arrested. Some cities or other municipalities will have their own jail facilities, while others will be serviced by the county jail. Additionally, where a person is taken post-arrest may depend on who arrested him. County jails are generally run by county sheriffs or other local government officials and will have designated jurisdiction over offenders arrested by certain agencies, such as the sheriff's department, but may also provide overflow housing for areas that are also serviced by municipal jails. Therefore, you may have to contact multiple facilities in the immediate aftermath of an arrest in order to determine where a person is being detained. Not all jail inmates are pre-trial detainees. County jails also serve as short-term post-conviction incarceration facilities for offenders who have been convicted of minor crimes or who have received short jail sentences. Generally, county jails will only house offenders who have received sentences shorter than a year in length, though some offenders with longer sentences may be placed in county jail facilities in order to participate in work programs. Those incarcerated in a county jail post-conviction may have access to many of the same resources as those incarcerated in prison, including drug and alcohol rehabilitation programs, education programming, and some type of vocational training. They may also be more likely to work within the community than people at state jail or prison facilities. If you have a loved one or family member at [prison name], it is important to know whether the inmate is a pre-trial detainee or has already been convicted of a crime. Pre-trial detainees may need the services of an attorney and may even be eligible for pre-trial release. A bail bond service or a criminal defense attorney may be able to help your loved one secure a pre-trial release. 
It has no other nutrients. So they're malnourished. And they don't eat. And I've seen plenty of fat alcoholics. You're taking about poor alcoholics that can't afford food and booze.
Easy_Install for Python 2.7 Does anyone know how to install "easy_install" for Python 2.7 on Windows?

On the project page located here you can see that the .exe for 2.7 still hasn't been uploaded.  Any ideas?
After several years of economic downturn and political instability, in 1997, Guinea-Bissau entered the CFA franc monetary system, bringing about some internal monetary stability. The civil war that took place in 1998 and 1999, and a military coup in September 2003 again disrupted economic activity, leaving a substantial part of the economic and social infrastructure in ruins and intensifying the already widespread poverty. Following the parliamentary elections in March 2004 and presidential elections in July 2005, the country is trying to recover from the long period of instability, despite a still-fragile political situation.
Peripheral Artery Disease Peripheral Artery Disease Also known as P. A. D. What Is Other Names Causes Risk Factors Screening and Prevention Signs, Symptoms, and Complications Diagnosis Treatment Living With Participate in NHLBI Clinical Trials More Information RELATED NEWSSeptember 16, 2010 | News Release Peripheral arterial disease newest offering on NIHSenior Health site Information about the risk factors, diagnosis and treatment of peripheral arterial disease, or P. A. D., has just bee... 
Biography Overview (5) Mini Bio (1) Malcolm X was born Malcolm Little on May 19, 1925, in Omaha, Nebraska, one of eight children. His father, Earl Little, was a Baptist preacher who supported Marcus Garvey's Back to Africa movement. When Malcolm was four, the family moved to Lansing, Michigan, where Earl tried opening a store while continuing his preaching.
The Mueller report is the culmination of the Investigation Led by Special counsel Robert Mueller, appointed by US congress, to investigate whether the 2016 elections were messed with by an outside force.   William Barr is the Current US Attorney General Nominated by Trump, and confirmed on Feb 14th, after the Last Attorney General Jeff Sessions resigned Nov 7,2018.
Number of WTO countries 159. Not too many people know that the World Trade Organization (WTO) is an organization that intends to supervise and liberalize international trade.WTO officially commenced on 1 January 1995 under the Marrakech Agreement.This organization deals with regulation of trade between participating countries. There are 159 countries in WTO. This organization provides a framework for negotiating and formalizing trade agreements.TO officially commenced on 1 January 1995 under the Marrakech Agreement. This organization deals with regulation of trade between participating countries. There are 159 countries in WTO.
They're really useful in cryptography. Factorizing very large numbers is extremely time consuming. You can provide everyone with a key to encrypt messages. The key is a very large number found by multiplying two large prime numbers together. Anyone can put information into code using the key but only someone who knows the two prime numbers can decrypt the messages.
I believe it's mostly (if not entirely) a social thing. People who sneeze silently just don't want to disturb other people and seem impolite. Others may not consider this a bad etiquette, so they don't hold in the noise.
Sing (2016 American film) Reese Witherspoon, Seth MacFarlane, Scarlett Johansson, Tori Kelly and Taron Egerton had joined the cast of the film. The film features 65 pop songs, the rights to which cost 15 percent of the film's $75 million budget. The animation was created entirely in France by Illumination Mac Guff. A soundtrack album for the film was released on December 21, 2016. The almost complete film was screened as a work in progress beginning September 11, 2016 at the Toronto International Film Festival. Universal Studios released the film on December 21, 2016. "Sing" was released on Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, Ultra HD Blu-ray
No. That is a very old and charming idea but not true.  All oxygen-rich blood that goes to your body comes from your heart (from the left ventricle), and it all first goes through the aorta and then arteries split off from it to go to all parts of your bodies. Including your ring finger, but also including your left toe.  The blood typically passes through aorta > artery > arteriole > capillary to get to the tissue. Then, it will get back to your hart via small veins > large veins > the upper *or* the lower vena cava .  You can learn more here: _URL_0_ (study the image as well)
Madrid Metro area south of Madrid. Most of the efforts of Madrid regional government in 2000s were channeled towards the enlargement of the Metro network. In the 2003–2007 term, President Esperanza Aguirre funded a multibillion-dollar project, which added new lines, and joined or extended almost all of the existing metro lines. The project included the addition of and the construction of 80 new stations. It brought underground railway to many districts that had never previously had Metro service ("Villaverde, Manoteras, Carabanchel Alto, La Elipa, Pinar de Chamartín") and to the eastern and northern outskirts as well ("Coslada, San Fernando de Henares, Alcobendas,
Latvia Country Code +371 Local Time Time Zone Thursday, April 12, 20188:47 :54 PMRiga UTC/GMT +3 hours Daylight Saving Time In DSTWeather Difference14 °CClear 1/ °CRiga, Latvia is 10 hours ahead of you (10:47 AM)About Latvia Hide Country Code.org is your complete guide to make a call from anywhere in the world, to anywhere in the world. This page details Latvia phone code. The Latvia country code 371 will allow you to call Latvia from another country. Latvia telephone code 371 is dialed after the IDD. Latvia international dialing 371 is followed by an area code. The Latvia area code table below shows the various city codes for Latvia. Latvia country codes are followed by these area codes. With the complete Latvia dialing code, you can make your international call. Latvia National Codes Hide National Dial Codes Latvia Toll Free +371-026Latvia City Codes Hide City Dial Codes Aizkraukle +371-51Aluksne +371-43Balvi +371-45Bauska +371-39Cesis +371-41Daugavpils +371-54Dobele +371-37Gulbene +371-44Jekabpils +371-52Jelgava +371-30Kraslava +371-56Kuldiga +371-33Liepaja +371-34Limbazi +371-40Ludza +371-57Madona +371-48Mobile Phones +371-59 +371-60 +371-61Ogre +371-50Preili +371-53Rezekne +371-46Riga +371-7 +371-28 +371-29Saldus +371-38Talsi +371-32Tukums +371-31Valka +371-47Valmiera +371-42Ventspils +371-36 
- Tara Lipinski is currently engaged to Todd Kapostasy. She has been in one celebrity relationship averaging less than one year. She has never been married. Given Name: Tara Kristen Lipinski.
- Adj. 1. valid-well grounded in logic or truth or having legal force; a valid inference ; a valid argument ; a valid contract ; a valid license . Antonyms: invalid-having no cogency or legal force; invalid reasoning; an invalid driver's license.dj. 1. valid-well grounded in logic or truth or having legal force; a valid inference ; a valid argument ; a valid contract ; a valid license . Antonyms: invalid-having no cogency or legal force; invalid reasoning; an invalid driver's license.
KPMG KPMG KPMG is a professional service company and one of the Big Four auditors, along with Deloitte, Ernst & Young (EY), and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). Seated in Amstelveen, the Netherlands, KPMG employs 189,000 people and has three lines of services: financial audit, tax, and advisory. Its tax and advisory services are further divided into various service groups. The name "KPMG" stands for "Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler." It was chosen when KMG (Klynveld Main Goerdeler) merged with Peat Marwick in 1987. The organization's history spanned three centuries. In 1818 John Moxham opened a company in Bristol. James Grace and James Grace Jr.
When is Thanksgiving in 2015? Thanksgiving in 2015 is on Thursday, the 26th of November. In the United States, Thanksgiving is always celebrated on the fourth Thursday of November.
. Error. Page cannot be displayed. Please contact your service provider for more details. (8) 
Keats (band) Keats was a short-lived British band which produced one eponymous album in 1984. It was an Alan Parsons Project offshoot. Its members were Colin Blunstone (vocals), Ian Bairnson (guitars), Pete Bardens (keyboards), David Paton (bass and backing vocals) and Stuart Elliott (drums and percussion). Richard Cottle also provided additional keyboard parts, as well as saxophone and synthesizers.
Elbow The elbow joint has three different portions surrounded by a common joint capsule. These are joints between the three bones of the elbow, the humerus of the upper arm, and the radius and the ulna of the forearm.
Support for the LRC was boosted by the 1901 Taff Vale Case, a dispute between strikers and a railway company that ended with the union being ordered to pay £23,000 damages for a strike. The judgement effectively made strikes illegal since employers could recoup the cost of lost business from the unions. The apparent acquiescence of the Conservative Government of Arthur Balfour to industrial and business interests (traditionally the allies of the Liberal Party in opposition to the Conservative's landed interests) intensified support for the LRC against a government that appeared to have little concern for the industrial proletariat and its problems.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
The Smashing Pumpkins Watch the video, get the download or listen to The Smashing Pumpkins – Tonight, Tonight for free. Tonight, Tonight appears on the album Rarities & B-Sides. Tonight, Tonight is a song by The Smashing Pumpkins written by the band's frontman, Billy Corgan. It was the fourth single and second track from their third album, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness, and was released in April 1996. Tonight, Tonight was critically acclaimed and commercially well-received upon its release.
Jackson Pratt Drain (JP Drain): Care at Home The Jackson Pratt drain (JP drain) is a special tube that prevents blood and fluid from collecting inside the body near the area of your child’s surgery. There are two main parts to a JP drain: a hollow tube. a collection bulb.
What are the physical benefits of an exercise bike? Health and Exercise Cycling Bicycles Weight Loss and Fitness Pros and Cons Exercise Fitness Health What are the physical benefits of an exercise bike?ad by Truth Finder This site reveals driving history. Have you searched your name? Did you know a new site posts your driving history online for all to see? Search your name for results. Learn More at truthfinder.com18 Answers Darren Beattie, I help people enhance their quality of life Answered Sep 30, 2015 · Author has 1.6k answers and 5.9m answer views What other physical benefits do you seek? The effects of exercise in general are very well documented: Improved energy Improved willpower Improved mood Improved cognitive functioning Better sleep Better appetite control Better hormone balance and regulation (from a wide variety of hormones)Increased neurogenesis (new brain cells)Improved cardiorespiratory health (oxygen uptake via lungs)Improved breathing (related to above...)Improved cardiovascular health (especially the heart)Improved aerobic metabolism Improved anaerobic metabolism (if your intensity is high enough)Improved mitochondrial function Some improvements to bone density (not nearly as much as strength training)Some improvements to muscle composition (slow twitch hypertrophy)Etc... If you don't exercise in any other capacity the bike is a great place to start. It's not particularly intimidating, it's non-weight bearing (for people who aren't ready for higher impact training just yet...), requires little skill to get started and leads to many of the positive factors above. I use it particularly for recovery and basic aerobic training. However, it's not without potential downfalls. Being stuck in a seated position for long periods of time as your sole form of exercise creates a postural strain, not unlike sitting. This postural strain can put your body into strange compensation patterns of movement that need to be balanced out with other forms of training eventually. You will often see professional bikers with low back pain and a very kyphotic posture. Of course stretching and strengthening are easy ways around this, you need to provide balance to the system overall. Noticeable changes may take years to fully develop and become obvious as well. Hip flexors and quads tend to get noticeably tight due to consistent use through a small range of movement. Shoulders slouch forward, spine changes curvature and there is weak overall upper body development from solely riding. The glutes are overdeveloped typically at the bottom portion and under developed higher up but the stability requirements of the hips are otherwise low, meaning little transfer to walking or running overall (outside of aerobic benefits and recovery). A wide variety of potential problems depending on the person and how they train, that can all easily be avoided with some smart planning and prep work. Also because it is non-weight bearing it does not transfer well to weight bearing activities. I'd argue that weight bearing activities, particularly weight training, jumping or some form of impact training are (contrary to popular opinion) very necessary for longevity and a resistance to falling as we age. Weight bearing activities such as running, lifting weights, and jumping do significantly more for bone and muscle health than riding. Riding is far more specific and is not innately a 'natural' human movement, as would be running and jumping. I think it's important not to let those skills dwindle too much with age. However, the bike can be a very good exercise option for a lot of people with appropriate context and usage. Just complement it with some other stuff.718 Views · View Upvoters · Answer requested by Quora Userpromoted by Better Help If you are struggling, consider online therapy with Better Help. You are worth it. Start Now at betterhelp.com Related Questions More Answers Below What are the best exercise bike? What are the benefits of recumbent exercise bikes? What are the benefits of upright exercise bike? What are the cardiovascular benefits
Chromobacterium violaceum and Pseudomonas fluorescens can both mobilize solid copper, as a cyanide compound. The ericoid mycorrhizal fungi associated with Calluna, Erica and Vaccinium can grow in copper metalliferous soils. The ectomycorrhizal fungus Suillus luteus protects young pine trees from copper toxicity. A sample of the fungus Aspergillus niger was found growing from gold mining solution; and was found to contain cyano metal complexes; such as gold, silver, copper iron and zinc. The fungus also plays a role in the solubilization of heavy metal sulfides.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Shingles: Are You Risking Nerve Pain? Shingles: Are You Risking Nerve Pain? In this Article If you have shingles symptoms, get treatment now and you may avoid permanent nerve pain. What Is Shingles and Postherpetic Neuralgia? Risk Factors for Nerve Pain After Shingles The Emotional Toll of Nerve Pain After Shingles Preventing Nerve Pain After Shingles Have Shingles? Get Treatment, Take Action If you have shingles symptoms, get treatment now and you may avoid permanent nerve pain. Shingles, a viral infection of the nerve roots, affects 1 million people in the U. S each year. Most people recover from their bout, but for as many as 50% of those over age 60 who have not been treated, the pain doesn't go away. It can last for months, years, or even the rest of their lives. These people have what's called postherpetic neuralgia (PHN), the result of the shingles virus damaging the nerves of the skin. In some cases, the pain is mild. In others, even the slightest touch -- from clothing or even a breeze -- can be excruciating. "PHN causes a great deal of suffering and high social costs," says Robert H. Dworkin, Ph D, a professor in the department of anesthesiology at the University of Rochester Medical Center in Rochester, N. Y. "It can severely disrupt people's lives. "But the good news is that there are drugs that can help treat and even prevent PHN, and doctors are learning more about who is at greatest risk of developing this debilitating condition. What Is Shingles and Postherpetic Neuralgia? Shingles is caused by the varicella- zoster virus, the virus that also causes chickenpox. In a person who has been exposed to chickenpox -- or its vaccine -- the virus never really goes away. It can lie dormant in the body's nerves. In most cases, it stays that way. But in some -- especially people with immune systems weakened by disease or treatment -- the virus can reappear. This is likely to happen years or decades after the person had chickenpox. Continue Reading Belowyou might like SLIDESHOWSlideshow: Nerve Pain Explained See nerve pain symptoms, causes, and treatment options. Web MD shows you tips for dealing with the tingling and numbness that may be caused by neuropathy. When it comes back, the virus can cause shingles, a rash that often appears as a band on one side of the body. Early shingles symptoms can include: Headache Light sensitivity Flu -like symptoms Itching, tingling, or extreme pain where the rash is developing may come next, and the pain can be moderate to severe. Are you contagious? Though people who haven't had chickenpox can catch that condition from you, the shingles itself isn't contagious. For reasons that experts don't really understand, the pain of shingles lingers for some. If the pain lasts for at least 3 months after the shingles rash has healed, a person is diagnosed with PHN. In some people, the pain will subside. In others, it won't. "We don't have any idea why the pain goes away in some people and not others," says Dworkin. But the longer you have PHN -- especially after a year -- the less likely it is to resolve, he says.1 2 3 4 View All 
Get alarm information.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
1988 in film The following is an overview of events in 1988 in film, including the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies and festivals, a list of films released and notable deaths. "Rain Man" was awarded the Academy Award for Best Picture, marking one of the few instances where the top-grossing film of the year was also the winner of such an award that year.
Electromagnetism.  When electricity flows through a wire, it generates a magnetic field perpendicular to the wire. Basically to create a wireless charging system, you reverse the process: create a magnetic field that induces electric flow in the wireless charger on your phone and that electrical flow charges the battery.
- B Positive Relatevely Rare. B positive is one of the less common blood types; only 9 percent of people have it. The most rare type is AB negative, which only 1 percent have, and the most common is O positive, occurring in 38 percent of people. Some believe that people of certain blood types exhibit certain personality traits, somewhat like signs of the zodiac.
Vein However, in pulmonary circulation, the arteries carry deoxygenated blood from the heart to the lungs, and veins return blood from the lungs to the heart. The difference between veins and arteries is their direction of flow (out of the heart by arteries, returning to the heart for veins), not their oxygen content.n contrast to veins, arteries carry blood away from the heart. Veins are less muscular than arteries and are often closer to the skin. There are valves in most veins to prevent backflow.
Jolene (song) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other songs of similar name, see Jolene. "Jolene"Single by Dolly Partonfrom the album Jolene B-side "Love, You're So Beautiful Tonight"Released October 1973Format 7" single Recorded RCA Studio B, Nashville; May 22, 1973Genre Country pop bluegrass Length 2: 42Label RCASongwriter (s) Dolly Parton Producer (s) Bob Ferguson Dolly Parton singles chronology"Traveling Man" (1973) " Jolene " (1973) " I Will Always Love You " (1974)Music video"Jolene" (audio) on You Tube" Jolene " is a song written and performed by American country music artist Dolly Parton. It was released in October 1973 as the first single and title track from her album of the same name, produced by Bob Ferguson. The song was ranked No. 217 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of " the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time " in 2004. [1] According to Parton, "Jolene" is the song most recorded by other artists of all the songs she has written. [2]"Jolene" was nominated for two Grammy Awards for Best Female Country Vocal Performance (first for the original release and the following year for a live version); despite not winning originally, the song eventually earned Parton a Grammy Award for Best Country Duo/Group Performance 43 years after its original release, for a cover by the a capella group Pentatonix in which she was also featured. [3]Contents [ hide ]1 Content2 Background3 Charts and certifications3.1 Weekly charts3.2 Certifications4 The White Stripes5 Pentatonix5.1 Charts6 Other cover versions7 Answer songs8 See also9 References10 External links Content [ edit]The song tells the tale of a woman confronting Jolene, a stunningly beautiful woman, who she believes is trying to steal away her lover and begging her "please don't take my man." Throughout the song, the woman implores Jolene "please don't take him just because you can. "Background [ edit]According to Parton, the song was inspired by a red-headed bank clerk who flirted with her husband Carl Dean at his local bank branch around the time they were newly married. In an interview, she also revealed that Jolene's name and appearance are based on that of a young fan who came on stage for her autograph. [2] [4]The song became Parton's second solo number-one single on the country charts after being released as a single in late 1973 (prior to the album's release). It reached the top position in February 1974; it was also a moderate pop hit for her and a minor adult contemporary chart entry. As of November 2016, the song had sold 733,000 digital copies in the US since it became available for digital download. [5]The song was released as a single later in the UK, and became Parton's first top ten hit song in the country, reaching number seven in the UK Singles Chart in 1976. [6] The song also re-entered the chart when Parton performed at the Glastonbury festival in 2014. The song has sold 255,300 digital copies in the UK as of January 2017. [6]The thumb-picked guitar on the recording is by Chip Young. [7]Charts and certifications [ edit]Weekly charts [ edit]Chart (1973–76) Peak position Canada ( RPM) Top Singles [8] 84Canada Adult Contemporary Songs ( RPM) [9] 40Canada Country Singles ( RPM) [10] 1Denmark ( Tracklisten) [11] 19Ireland ( IRMA) [12] 8Sweden ( Sverigetopplistan) [13] 16UK Singles (Official Charts Company) [14] 7US Billboard Hot 100 [15] 60US Adult Contemporary ( Billboard) [16] 44US Country Songs ( Billboard) [17] 1Certifications [ edit]Region Certification Certified units /Sales Denmark ( IFPI Denmark) [18]Gold 5,000 ^United Kingdom ( BPI) [19]Gold 400,000United States ( RIAA) [20]Gold 500,000^shipments figures based on certification alonesales+streaming figures based on certification alone The White Stripes [ edit]"Jolene (Live Under Blackpool Lights)"Single by The White Stripesfrom the album Under Blackpool Lights Released November 20, 2004Format CD 7"Genre Garage rock alternative rock Length 2: 37Label XLSongwriter (s) Dolly Parton Producer (s) Jack White The White Stripes singles chronology" There's No Home for You Here " (2004)
Cell Respiration Cell Respiration Previous Next List Cell respiration is the controlled release of energy from organic compounds in cells to form ATP (adenosine triphosphate)The main organic compound used for this process is glucose, however lipids and proteins can also be broken down via modified processes There are two types of cell respiration: Anaerobic respiration does not require oxygen to occur, but results in only a small yield of ATP via a process which occurs in the cytoplasm Aerobic respiration does require oxygen to occur, but results in a much larger yield of ATP via a process which occurs in the mitochondria Both processes begin with the breakdown of glucose via glycolysis Glycolysis Glycolysis is the first stage of cell respiration and involves the breakdown of glucose (6C) into two molecules of pyruvate (3C)It is an anaerobic reaction (does not require the presence of oxygen) and occurs in the cytoplasm It requires 2 molecules of ATP to occur, but produces 4 molecules of ATP as a result This results in a net gain of 2 ATP molecules being made by glycolysis It also releases hydrogen which is taken up by the hydrogen carrier NAD +to form NADH (x2)Glycolysis cannot occur without a ready supply of NAD +Overall: One molecule of glucose results in 2 pyruvate, 2 NADH and 2 ATP (net gain)Anaerobic Respiration Anaerobic respiration occurs in the cytoplasm in the absence of oxygen Aerobic respiration uses NADH to produce large amounts of ATP in the presence of oxygen (releasing NAD +)In the absence of oxygen, the NADH remains idle and cannot be used to release NAD +This means glycolysis cannot occur (no spare NAD +) and no ATP can be produced Anaerobic respiration converts pyruvate into a temporary by-product in a reaction that uses NADH to release NAD +This allows for low amounts of ATP to be produced via glycolysis (as there is now free stock of NAD +)In animals: Pyruvate is converted into lactic acid (lactate)In plants and fungi: Pyruvate is converted into ethanol and CO 2 (this process is also known as fermentation)This reaction is reversible, so when oxygen is present, these by-products can be converted back into pyruvate for use in aerobic respiration Overall: Two molecules of ATP are produced (via glycolysis) and pyruvate is converted into lactic acid (animals) or ethanol and CO 2 (plants)Anaerobic Respiration Mitochondria Aerobic respiration occurs in the mitochondrion Mitochondria are double-membrane organelles where the inner membrane is highly folded into finger-like projections called cristae (increased SA)The area within the inner membrane is known as the matrix, while the space between the two membranes is known as the intermembrane space Structure of a Mitochondrion2D Representation 3D Representation Electron Micrograph Aerobic Respiration Aerobic respiration takes place in the mitochondria, using the pyruvate produced via glycolysis It produces large amounts of ATP in the presence of oxygen via three main processes: The Link Reaction Pyruvate is transported from the cytosol to the mitochondrial matrix in a reaction that produces (one) NADHThe pyuvate loses a carbon (as CO 2) and the remaining two carbons are complexed with coenzyme A (Co A) to form acetyl Co AThe Krebs Cycle In the matrix, acetyl Co A combines with a 4C compound to form a 6C compound Over a series of reactions the 6C compound is broken back down into the original 4C compound These reactions result in the formation of 2 CO 2 molecules, 1 ATP molecule and multiple hydrogen carriers (specifically 3 NADH and 1 FADH2)The Electron Transport Chain The hydrogen carriers (NADH and FADH 2) provide electrons to the electron transport chain on the inner mitochondrial membrane As the electrons cycle through the chain they lose energy, which is used to translocate H + ions to the intermembrane space (creating a gradient)The hydrogen ions return to the matrix through the transmembrane enzyme ATP synthase, producing multiple ATP molecules (via chemiosmosis)Oxygen acts as a final electron acceptor for the electron transport chain, allowing further e
This comment is not toxic.
Yohimbe Bark In doses higher than that used in ulcer treatment, Zantac has been helpful in treating heartburn and in healing ulcer and inflammation of the esophagus resulting from acid reflux. Zantac side effects in men, women and the elderly. The drug Zantac has many side effects. These can occur equally well in men and women, and worse in the elderly. Some of these include headache, malaise, dizziness, sleep changes, blurred vision, agitation, depression, and hallucinations, rapid heart beat, premature ventricular beats, constipation, diarrhea, nausea or vomiting and abdominal discomfort.
Sheriff/Police Chief Salaries COMPANALYST DRIVES ENTERPRISE SUCCESSLearn how best-in-class companies use Comp Analyst to create new,personalized talent management experiences for their employees. Explore Comp Analyst Salary Salary + Bonus Benefitsview as table50% (Median)$102,54910%$91,61125%$96,82375%$108,77390%$114,440Related Content9 Things Not to Say For a Raise8 Jobs That Pay $50K11 Odd Jobs With High Salaries This is NATIONAL SALARY DATAGet more specific data by entering your city, state or zip code here. Get Data Purchase Full Report Refine by: Change Search Criteria GET CUSTOMIZED SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR BUSINESSGrow your business with detailed skills and competenciesreports, job and employee pricing, and other powerfulcompensation tools. View Custom Solutions 
Anorexia nervosa Anorexia nervosa , often referred to simply as anorexia , is an eating disorder characterized by a low weight , fear of gaining weight , a strong desire to be thin , and food restriction . Many people with anorexia see themselves as overweight even though they are in fact underweight . If asked they usually deny they have a problem with low weight . Often they weigh themselves frequently , eat only small amounts , and only eat certain foods . Some will exercise excessively , force themselves to vomit , or use laxatives to produce weight loss . Complications may include osteoporosis , infertility and heart damage , among others . Women will often stop having menstrual periods .   The cause is not known . There appear to be some genetic components with identical twins more often affected than non-identical twins . Cultural factors also appear to play a role with societies that value thinness having higher rates of disease . Additionally , it occurs more commonly among those involved in activities that value thinness such as high-level athletics , modelling , and dancing . Anorexia often begins following a major life-change or stress-inducing event . The diagnosis requires a significantly low weight . The severity of disease is based on body mass index ( BMI ) in adults with mild disease having a BMI of greater than 17 , moderate a BMI of 16 to 17 , severe a BMI of 15 to 16 , and extreme a BMI less than 15 . In children a BMI for age percentile of less than the 5th percentile is often used .   Treatment of anorexia involves restoring a healthy weight , treating the underlying psychological problems , and addressing behaviors that promote the problem . While medications do not help with weight gain , they may be used to help with associated anxiety or depression . A number of types of therapy may be useful including an approach where parents assume responsibility for feeding their child , known as Maudsley family therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy . Sometimes people require admission to hospital to restore weight . Evidence for benefit from nasogastric tube feeding , however , is unclear . Some people will just have a single episode and recover while others may have many episodes over years . Many complications improve or resolve with regaining of weight .   Globally , anorexia is estimated to affect 2.9 million people as of 2015 . It is estimated to occur in 0.9 % to 4.3 % of women and 0.2 % to 0.3 % of men in Western countries at some point in their life . About 0.4 % of young females are affected in a given year and it is estimated to occur ten times less commonly in males . Rates in most of the developing world are unclear . Often it begins during the teen years or young adulthood . While anorexia became more commonly diagnosed during the 20th century it is unclear if this was due to an increase in its frequency or simply better diagnosis . In 2013 it directly resulted in about 600 deaths globally , up from 400 deaths in 1990 . Eating disorders also increase a person 's risk of death from a wide range of other causes , including suicide . About 5 % of people with anorexia die from complications over a ten-year period , a nearly 6 times increased risk . The term anorexia nervosa was first used in 1873 by William Gull to describe this condition .
Home Appraisal What is a home appraisal? A home appraisal provides a comprehensive look at what a piece of property is worth, and in turn, how much a lender is willing to loan you to buy that house. Home values in a specific geographical area are determined in part by the expert opinion of a professional appraiser, who visits and examines the size, condition, quality and purpose of a home. Mortgage lenders require an appraisal on a house before they’ll provide a loan. A home appraisal will determine if a home’s value is overpriced, protecting a potential buyer from paying too much for a house. It also protects the bank from getting stuck with a property that’s worth less than they amount they’ve invested. While home appraisal regulations can vary state-to-state, essentially there are three aspects to the process:1. Inspection: A certified, state-licensed home appraiser will visit the property to determine the home’s value.2. Comparison to similar properties: The appraiser will research other homes that are in the same area and similar in makeup. He or she will compare recent home sales in the area to help determine a fair market value. If it’s new construction, the appraiser estimates the cost to replace the structure on the property if it were destroyed, and also takes into consideration land value and depreciation to determine the home’s value.3. Final appraisal report: Using the data from the inspection and comparables (comps), the appraiser will issue a final appraisal report. It’s important to remember that a home appraisal is not the same thing as a home inspection. If you’re buying a home, you’ll want to hire a licensed home inspector to highlight any potential problems with the house. Home appraisers will likely make note of any obvious issues, but they won’t test your HVAC system, inspect your chimney or determine if your electric is up to code. That’s the job of the home inspector. Keep the property tidy as to not impede the home appraiser's evaluation. (Photo by Jessica Anderson)What happens during a home appraisal? Properties that are just a couple of streets from one another can differ greatly in price. Accessibility to public transportation, the local schools, on what floor a condo is located, and what borders the property line are all factors that can make a big difference in the price of two seemingly similar homes. A common misunderstanding is that the appraisal amount is only for the house itself. In fact, the figure appraises the total value of the home and any other permanent structures, along with the land. Home appraisers look at a few key features when evaluating a property: Property size: An appraiser will consider the overall size of the plot of land, as well as the house, including number of bedrooms and bathrooms. The more bedrooms and bathrooms, the more valued the house. The exterior: The appraiser will determine what materials comprise the exterior of the house (roof, siding, foundation) and evaluate their condition. The interior: Similar to the exterior, the appraiser will consider what interior materials were used and what condition they’re in. Damage or defects to the walls, windows, flooring and doors will be noted. Home improvements: Any improvements that were made under the current ownership can influence the appraised value of the home, such as a finished basement, a new patio or an upgraded master bathroom. Extra features: Items such as a swimming pool, fireplace or garage can increase the home’s value. While general tidiness of the home won’t help bring a higher appraisal amount, it's important the appraiser has a clear path to the property. Make certain the hedges are trimmed; gutters cleaned and remove any clutter that might impede an appraiser’s evaluation. How much does a home appraisal cost? Even though a lender requires the home appraisal, it’s the borrower’s responsibility to pay the fee (unless otherwise negotiated), which is typically included in the closing costs of a sale. The mortgage lender will order the appraisal either directly from an appraiser, most of whom are ind
The original Polaroid technology needed to dry before it set, thus the “need” to shake it and expose it to air and probably to discourage users from touching the film while it dried. Modern Polaroids are actually laminated under a plastic film, so it’s no longer necessary to shake them. In fact Polaroid advise against it.
FML would generally be for something you aren't at fault for, Example: "My car got a flat tire when I went to work so I was late FML". TIFU means you did something that went wrong, Example: "TIFU by leaving dark cholcolate on the couch and the dog ate it and died".
How Much Paint Is Needed for a Two Car Garage? Add all the walls together and the total surface area of the garage to be painted is 672 square feet. If the paint chosen covers 400 square feet, for example, the project would use most of two gallons. Most paints list an expected coverage per gallon; this is an estimate.
Minimum wage in the United States On March 26, 2014, the state passed legislation to raise the minimum wage to $10.10 by January 1, 2017. Connecticut's tipped minimum wage is 65.2% of the state minimum wage (tipped employees defined as $10/wk or $2/day in tips).
To add an extra detail to the original question, the author's website has a glossary where "Jazz Coloured" is defined as "pink, black and silver, green, black and gold. Usually in stripes." I'm also curious as to why that combination of colours would be referred to as "Jazz"! [Source](_URL_0_)
mitosis mitosis (redirected from Cellular mitosis) Also found in: Thesaurus, Medical, Encyclopedia .mitosismi·to·sis (mī-tō′sĭs)n. pl. mi·to·ses (-sēz) Biology1. The process in cell division by which the nucleusdivides, typically consisting of four stages, prophase,metaphase, anaphase, and telophase, and normallyresulting in two new nuclei, each of which contains a complete copy of the parental chromosomes. Also calledkaryokinesis.2. The entire process of cell division including division of the nucleus and the cytoplasm. [Greek mitos, warp thread + -osis . ]mi·tot′ic (-tŏt′ĭk) adj.mi·tot′i·cal·ly adv. American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fifth Edition. Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.mitosis ( maɪˈtəʊsɪs; mɪ-) n (Biology) a method of cell division, in which the nucleus divides into daughter nuclei, eachcontaining the same number of chromosomes as the parent nucleus. Compare prophase, metaphase, anaphase, telophase, meiosis 1 [C19: from New Latin, from Greek mitos thread]mitotic adjmiˈtotically adv Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, 12th Edition 2014 © Harper Collins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014mi•to•sis (maɪˈtoʊ sɪs)n.the usual method of cell division, characterized by the resolving of the chromatin of thenucleus into a threadlike form that condenses into chromosomes, each of which separateslongitudinally into two parts, one part of each chromosome being retained in each of the twonew daughter cells. Compare meiosis (def. 1). [1885–90; < German Mitose (1882) < Greek mít (os) a thread + German -ose -osis]mi•tot•ic (maɪˈtɒt ɪk) adj.mi•tot′i•cal•ly, adv. Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary, © 2010 K Dictionaries Ltd. Copyright 2005, 1997, 1991 by Random House, Inc. All rights reserved.mitosis During prophase, chromosomes thicken,centrioles move to opposite ends of a cell,and the membrane around the nucleusdisappears. In metaphase, a spindle is formed to which the centromeres attach,lining up the chromosomes at the center. In anaphase, the chromatids split, and thechromosomes from each chromatid pairmove to opposite ends of the spindle. In telophase, the spindle disappears, and a nuclear membrane forms around thechromosomes at each end of the cell. Thecytoplasm of the dividing cell begins to separate during mitosis and ends afterdivision of the nucleus is complete. Duringinterphase, the daughter cells develop andthe chromosomes duplicate.mi·to·sis (mī-tō′sĭs)The process in cell division in which the nucleusdivides to produce two new nuclei, each havingthe same number and type of chromosomes as the original. Early in mitosis, each chromosomeduplicates itself to form two identical strands (called chromatids), which then line up along thecenter of the cell by attaching to the fibers of thecell spindle. The pairs of chromatids thenseparate, each strand of a pair moving to an opposite end of the cell. When a new membraneforms around each of the two groups of chromosomes, division of the nucleus is complete. The four main phases of mitosis areprophase, metaphase, anaphase, and telophase. Usage Mitosis and meiosis are easily confused,since both words refer to processes of celldivision. Most cells have two full sets of chromosomes and are technically called diploidcells. When such a cell divides, it must firstduplicate its chromosomes so as to produce twodaughter cells that are also diploid. This type of cell division is called mitosis, and all somaticcells—that is, cells used for the maintenance,functioning, and growth of an organism—reproduce in this way. By contrast, reproductivecells, or gametes, are created by another kind of cell division, called meiosis. Meiosis also startsout by duplicating the chromosomes, but thereare two divisions instead of one, with the resultthat four daughter cells are produced rather thantwo. Since the number of chromosomes is halvedwith each division, each daughter cell has just a single set of c
- Wiktionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: 1  sleep paralysis(Noun) The normal paralysis of the body that occurs during REM sleep. 2  sleep paralysis(Noun) A situation where a person is not fully awake, and although conscious of their surroundings, unable to move or speak, often accompanied by feelings of terror.
These things aren't really in the areas where there is most of the chaos and I don't think either side is particularly interested in destroying several thousand year old structures. There might be some sort of security around these monuments, but I doubt it's necessary regardless.
What Does It Mean to Be Vested in My 401 (k)? Getting Started With Money Retirement Planning What Does It Mean to Be Vested in My 401 (k)? Share Flip Pin Email•••By Miriam Caldwell Updated December 21, 2017You know you should contribute to your 401 (k) on a regular basis, that you should match your employer's contribution, maybe even that you should invest more aggressively when you're young, then adjusting to a more conservative approach as you near retirement age. But do you know what it means to be vested in your 401 (k)? Vested Definition Putting it simply, vested is a term used to determine how much of your 401 (k) funds you can take with you when you leave your company. Vesting refers to the ownership of your 401 (k). While all the money that you personally have contributed to your 401 (k) is yours and will go with you if you choose to leave your position, the terms may be a bit different when it comes to your employer match. Many employers set up vesting guidelines regarding what they contribute to their employee's 401 (k)s. Many companies' policies range from three to seven years in order for you to be fully vested in your 401 (k). Some may allow you to be vested for a percentage of that amount, which increases each year until you reach the maximum amount. What Happens If I Leave Before I Am Fully Vested in My 401 (k)? Let's say you have a plan that increases the amount you are vested in your plan each year by 20%. This means that you will be fully vested (i.e. the employer-matching funds will belong to you) at five years. But if you leave your job after three years, you will be 60% vested, meaning that you will be entitled to 60% of the amount your employer contributed to your 401 (k) plan. If your employer does not have a plan that increases your vested amount each year but instead becomes fully-vested when you're at the company for a certain period of time, you will lose all the money your employer has contributed to your 401 (k) plan if you leave before that period is up. So be sure to familiarize yourself with your employer's vesting policy, or it could cost you big. Why Do Employers Have Vesting Policies? One reason employers have vesting policies is to encourage longevity of their employees. Many employees will stay in their jobs until they are fully vested in their 401 (k)s in order to gain the most financial benefit. For employees, this may be a consideration when it comes time to look for a new job . On that note, it is always important to consider the financial impact of a new job. If your salary is going to increase significantly, you may be willing to take the hit on your 401 (k) balance, especially if you have only been with the company for a year or two. However, if you are close to the point of being fully vested in your 401 (k), it may be more beneficial to wait a few months or even a year to allow your 401 (k) to become fully vested. How Can I Determine What Guidelines Affect Me? To fully understand the vesting policies of your company, speak with the human resources department at your company. They should be able to explain your company's vesting policy and schedule. Being aware of this policy can help you to make the most of your retirement contributions and accounts. It can also help you determine the right time to begin looking for a new job. For example, if you are only six months away from becoming fully vested in your retirement account, it may be worth waiting to switch jobs. How Does Vesting Affect How Much I Should Contribute to Retirement? You should aim to contribute 10-15% of your income to retirement, including the amount your employer matches. If that isn't an option for you, then you should aim to contribute at least the same amount your employer matches. After all, it's basically free money. And if you know you are going to leave a particular job before your 401 (k) is fully vested, you may want to increase your contributions to cover the loss if you change jobs. Should I Take Advantage of My Employer Match Even If I Am Planning to Leave? It does not hurt you to sign up and take
Understanding chronic stress By definition, stress is any uncomfortable emotional experience accompanied by predictable biochemical, physiological and behavioral changes. 1 Some stress can be beneficial at times, producing a boost that provides the drive and energy to help people get through situations like exams or work deadlines.
How to Find The Origin Of Your Last Name Edit Article How to Find The Origin Of Your Last Name Four Methods: Determining if You Have a Family-Related Surname Checking if You Have an Occupational or Geographical Surname Determining if You Have a Descriptive Surname Using Other Resources Community Q&ALast names, also called surnames, have been in existence since the thirteenth century. They originated as a way to identify people by their family, country of origin, and in some cases, personality or physical appearance. You can find the origin of your surname by determining if it is patronymic or matronymic, derived from a father’s or mother’s name. It can also be occupational, based on what your ancestors did for a living, or geographic, based on where your ancestors lived. Some surnames are also descriptive, originating from nicknames given to your ancestors. If you’d like to skip all this research, you can use a genealogy service or talk to older relatives to find the origin of your last name. 
What is the purpose ot the 5th amendment? The 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution reads in part: All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and the State wherein they reside..
What Do the Letters at the End of My Medicare Number Mean? The most common letter at the end of a Medicare number is A, which signifies that you worked and paid into Social Security long enough to be entitled to receive Medicare. Government employees who qualify for Medicare and are not receiving Social Security benefits will have a TA suffix.
- Eating healthy vs. unhealthy diet costs about $1.50 more per day. Boston, MA - The healthiest diets cost about $1.50 more per day than the least healthy diets, according to new research from Harvard School of Public Health (HSPH). The finding is based on the most comprehensive examination to date comparing prices of healthy foods and diet patterns vs. less healthy ones.
Peripheral edema Peripheral edema. Peripheral edema is edema (accumulation of fluid causing swelling) in tissues perfused by the peripheral vascular system, usually in the lower limbs. In the most dependent parts of the body (those hanging distally), it may be called dependent edema.
Crime One proposed definition is that a crime or offence (or criminal offence) is an act harmful not only to some individual but also to a community, society or the state (a public wrong). Such acts are forbidden and punishable by law.
- Professional Insallation. Having an outdoor drain tile installed by a landscaper or other professional can cost as low as $10 to $30 a foot. However, the cost averages about $25 per foot depending on the depth and width of the drain.For example, a drain tile that's 30 feet to 50 feet long may cost about $750 to over $1,500. drain tile can direct excess water into an open area, but you might need a dry well to hold the water until it gradually filters into the surrounding soil. A do-it-yourself dry well can cost as little as $5 to as much as $400, but having one professionally installed costs $300 to over $5,000.
Mother Teresa Mother Teresa , known in the Catholic Church as Saint Teresa of Calcutta ( born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu ; -LSB- aˈɲɛzə ˈɡɔndʒɛ bɔjaˈdʒiu -RSB- ; 26 August 1910 -- 5 September 1997 ) , was an Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary . She was born in Skopje ( now the capital of the Republic of Macedonia ) , then part of the Kosovo Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire . After living in Macedonia for eighteen years she moved to Ireland and then to India , where she lived for most of her life .   In 1950 Teresa founded the Missionaries of Charity , a Roman Catholic religious congregation which had over 4,500 sisters and was active in 133 countries in 2012 . The congregation manages homes for people dying of HIV/AIDS , leprosy and tuberculosis ; soup kitchens ; dispensaries and mobile clinics ; children 's - and family-counselling programmes ; orphanages , and schools . Members , who take vows of chastity , poverty , and obedience , also profess a fourth vow : to give `` wholehearted free service to the poorest of the poor '' .   Teresa received a number of honours , including the 1962 Ramon Magsaysay Peace Prize and 1979 Nobel Peace Prize . She was canonised ( recognised by the church as a saint ) on 4 September 2016 , and the anniversary of her death ( 5 September ) is her feast day .   A controversial figure during her life and after her death , Teresa was admired by many for her charitable work . She was praised and criticised for her opposition to abortion , and criticised for poor conditions in her houses for the dying . Her authorised biography was written by Navin Chawla and published in 1992 , and she has been the subject of films and other books .
Appointment and confirmation to the Supreme Court of the United States attempted to block Harlan's confirmation, hence the decision to testify. Once the Committee reports out the nomination, the whole Senate considers it. A simple majority vote is required to confirm or to reject a nominee. Prior to 2017, a successful filibuster threat could add the requirement of a supermajority of 60 needed in favor of cloture, which would allow debate to end and force a final vote on confirmation. Rejections are relatively uncommon; the Senate has explicitly rejected twelve Supreme Court nominees in its history. The most recent rejection of a nominee by vote of the full Senate came in
Rock Cycle In short, the rock cycle is the name for the processes that forms and recycles the different types or rocks on our planet. Rocks begin the cycle as igneous rocks, erode into sedimentary rocks then change into metamorphic rocks, finally the rocks melt back to magma and start the process again.
window.scrollTo doesn't work in phonegap for IOS
Bruce Weber (basketball) Bruce Weber (basketball) Bruce Brett Weber (born October 19, 1956) is an American college basketball coach who is currently the men's basketball head coach at Kansas State University. Weber was formerly head coach at Southern Illinois University and the University of Illinois. Weber has won conference championships and conference coach of the year awards at each of the three schools where he has served as head coach. He has guided his teams to a combined total of twelve NCAA Tournaments, including an appearance with Illinois in the championship game of the 2005 NCAA Tournament. Weber was the consensus national coach
- Geico Customer Service Phone Number: 1-800-861-8380 (24/7). You can call this phone number to contact Geico customer care for auto insurance quotes and pay by phone services. Geico Phone Number For Auto Claims: 1-800-861-8380 (24/7).
Maze Runner (film series) The Maze Runner film series consists of science-fiction dystopian action adventure films based on "The Maze Runner" novels by the American author James Dashner. Produced by Ellen Goldsmith-Vein and distributed by 20th Century Fox, the films star Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Ki Hong Lee, Dexter Darden and Patricia Clarkson. Wes Ball directed all three films.
This is why your ears have curls and whorls, and each ear is at a slightly different height, this subtly changes the sound depending on where it comes from.  If you just had circles on the side of your head and no external ears it would be much harder to locate sounds.
- Roxanne Butler is a 64-year-old Female. When was Roxanne Butler arrested? According to Douglas County Law Enforcement, Roxanne was arrested on October 29, 2014.
Amplifier figures of merit Amplifier figures of merit. In electronics, the figures of merit of an amplifier are numerical measures that characterize its properties and performance. Figures of merit can be given as a list of specifications that include properties such as gain, bandwidth, noise and linearity, among others listed in this article. Figures of merit are important for determining the suitability of a particular amplifier for an intended use.
Mustangâs 5.2L V8 is Most Powerful Naturally Aspirated Road-Going Engine in Ford History Ford has announced the most powerful naturally aspirated road-going engine in its history. The all-new Ford 5.2-liter flat-plane crankshaft V8 will produce 526 horsepower and 429 lb.-ft. of torque in Shelby GT350 Mustang and Shelby GT350R Mustang – an engine unique to the two models set to go on sale this fall.
There's a concept in criminal law, that requires that the person understand what they did was wrong. This concept can be directly traced back to Roman legal codes (though like many Roman concepts, they borrowed it from a [Greek thinker](_URL_0_)). It's not true for certain type of crimes (crimes stemming from criminal negligence or strict liability crimes).  If someone is found not guilty for reason of insanity, they are usually confined to a mental health facility until they are declared sane. One of the most famous, successful [insanity defenses](_URL_1_.) was recently released from institutional confinement last year, after 30 years of institutional treatment.
This comment is not toxic.
Gerald Ford assassination attempt in Sacramento II era" with Robert Valdner, who was released from prison in 1992 after killing his brother-in-law. Gerald Ford assassination attempt in Sacramento On September 5, 1975, Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme, a cult member of Charles Manson's Manson Family, attempted to assassinate United States President Gerald Ford in Sacramento, California. She wanted to make a statement to people who refused to halt environmental pollution and its effects on Air, Trees, Water, and Animals (ATWA). Although Fromme stood a little more than an arm's length from Ford that Friday morning and pointed a M1911 pistol at him in the public grounds of the
Wethersfield, Connecticut Sales Tax Rate The combined sales tax rate for Wethersfield, CT is 6.35%. This is the total of state, county and city sales tax rates. The Connecticut state sales tax rate is currently 6.35%. The Hartford County sales tax rate is 0%. Wethersfield sales tax rate is 0%.
How to Store Sauerkraut in the Refrigerator Storing in the Refrigerator. Scoop sauerkraut into jars or freezer bags. Close the jar or bag tightly so no air can enter. Label the jar or bag with the date. Sauerkraut can stay good for up to three months in the refrigerator. Dating the bag will help you remember its age. Place the jar or freezer bag filled with sauerkraut on a shelf in your refrigerator.
Types of Nursing Home Employees Registered Nurses (RNs) are required by law to assess the needs of nursing home residents. Once assessed, the RNs work with the Licensed Vocational Nurses (LVNs) and Licensed Practical Nurses (LPNs) to plan and implement the residents’ care and treatment. They also evaluate outcomes of the facility’s residents. These nursing home employees are all required to be licensed in the state in which they work. RNs are typically required to have between two and six years of education. LPNs and LVNs typically have a year of training.
Suitors of Penelope Once Odysseus returns home (whom Athena initially disguises as a beggar so he can plot his revenge in secret), his son Telemachus tells him that there are 108 suitors: 52 from Dulichium, 24 from Same, 20 Achaeans from Zacynthus, and 12 from Ithaca. Together, Odysseus, Telemachus, Eumaeus and Philoetius kill the suitors and the disloyal maidservants. Although there are many suitors, three are particularly important to the narrative of the epic. Antinous, son of Eupheithes, is the first of the suitors to speak in the epic and the first to die upon Odysseus' return Antinous is the most disrespectful of
On a related note, I've been meaning to ask: was it at all credible that Washington could have become a monarch? I know some Americans began calling him 'your majesty', but was there any actual movement to have him be crowned king? And if so, how did they expect to handle the line of succession?
Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street Michael E Rock1/7/97 12:00 AM In < Pine. OSF.3.91.970106162704.5880A-100000@alpha2.csd.uwm.edu > Ernie and Bert < wal...@alpha2.csd.uwm.edu > writes: > >Does anyone recall Morgan Freeman as a regular cast member of Sesame >Street? A few people I work with are convinced that he was, but I have >absolutely no recollection of this. Please enlighten me. > >TIA > >Scott Wallner >Webmaster of Ernie and Bert's Play Room > http://www.uwm.edu/~wallner Close, but no cigar. Morgan Freeman was a regular on The Electric Company, not Sesame Street. He's come a long way since then!Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street ATRK1/7/97 12:00 AM I Think You Are Thinking Of "The Electric Company"!Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street Eve Cunning1/7/97 12:00 AM :>Does anyone recall Morgan Freeman as a regular cast member of Sesame :>Street? A few people I work with are convinced that he was, but I :have :>absolutely no recollection of this. Please enlighten me. :>:: Close, but no cigar. Morgan Freeman was a regular on The Electric : Company, not Sesame Street. He's come a long way since then! : Raul Julia was a regular on EARLY EARLY Sesame Street...--Eve Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street Melissa Yowhan1/7/97 12:00 AM Yes, I think you're thinking of the PBS show "The Electric Company" that was created by Children's Television Workshop (CTW) who also created Sesame Street. Morgan Freeman played a character called Easy Reader, and many other celebrities who we know today were also on the show like Bill Cosby (who was also on Sesame Street from time to time in the early 1970's) , Rita Moreno, etc. Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street James C. S. Liu1/9/97 12:00 AM On 7 Jan 1997 17:58:11 GMT, GDR...@prodigy.com (Melissa Yowhan) wrote: Morgan Freeman did a lot of stuff on the old _Electric Company_. Another of his recurring roles was that of a large, deep-voiced vampire. Brings back memories. As I understand it, Bill Cosby was one of the driving forces behind the show's creation, but that was in a Cosby interview, so perhaps it was biased. Moreno was also a regular on the show, as was the narrator for "The Adventures of Letterman." None other than ... Joan Rivers. Tom Lehrer did some wonderful songs for the show, too. -- /James C. S. Liu |"Few things are harder to put up with jame...@yale.edu | than the annoyance of a good example." New Haven, Connecticut|-- Mark Twain, _The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson_ My opinions have nothing to do with my employer!Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street Mr crun1/11/97 12:00 AM Okay, it's been established Morgan Freeman was on Sesame Street. But here's something I seem to remember... (and this is definitely for us older folks)wasn't there a crossover episode where Freeman as Easy Reader paid a visit to Sesame Street? I remember his music appearing before he walked on, and was given a high five by David at Hooper's Store. I think David was delivered more newspapers than he could fit onto his stand, and Easy was more than happy to read them. Or something like that. Can anyone verify this? Or was this a creative dream?-Dave Morgan Freeman on Sesame Streetpsaxe1/19/97 12:00 AM Actually, Morgan Freeman was not a Sesame Street regular. He was on the short-lived spin-off "The Electric Company". Freeman played a character named "Easy Reader". Ernie and Bert < wal...@alpha2.csd.uwm.edu > wrote:>Does anyone recall Morgan Freeman as a regular cast member of Sesame >Street? A few people I work with are convinced that he was, but I have >absolutely no recollection of this. Please enlighten me.>TIA>Scott Wallner >Webmaster of Ernie and Bert's Play Room > http://www.uwm.edu/~wallner Re: Morgan Freeman on Sesame Streetmr....@gmail.com10/16/13 12:32 PMSorry I can't verify but I will research because I remember several "crossover" episodes. I remember he "Easy Reader" on several episodes of SS. Re: Morgan Freeman on Sesame Street Nicholas Moreau12/7/13 1:35 PM http://muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Morgan_Freemanhttp://muppet.wikia.com/wiki/Out_to_Lunch The only known crossover of Easy Reader was the tele
State legislature (United States) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For the documentary film, see State Legislature (film). For a list of US state legislatures, see List of United States state legislatures. This article is part of a series on the Politics of the United States of America Federal Government [show]Legislature [show]Executive [show]Judiciary [show]Elections [show]Political parties [show]Federalism [show]Other countries Atlasv t e A state legislature in the United States is the legislative body of any of the 50 U. S. states. The formal name varies from state to state. In 25 states, the legislature is simply called the Legislature, or the State Legislature, while in 19 states, the legislature is called the General Assembly. In Massachusetts and New Hampshire, the legislature is called the General Court, while North Dakota and Oregon designate the legislature the Legislative Assembly. Contents [ hide ]1 Composition1.1 Nebraska2 Duties and influence2.1 Lawmaking process2.1.1 Beginnings2.1.2 Committees2.1.2.1 General information2.1.3 Post-committee2.1.3.1 Reports of Committee2.1.3.2 Third reading2.1.3.3 Transmission to second house2.1.3.4 Conference committees2.1.3.5 Presentation to the governor2.1.4 Constitutional amendments3 Aspects of the career of the state legislator4 See also5 References6 External links Composition [ edit]Every state except Nebraska has a bicameral legislature, meaning that the legislature consists of two separate legislative chambers or houses. In each case the smaller chamber is called the Senate and is usually referred to as the upper house. This chamber typically, but not always, has the exclusive power to confirm appointments made by the governor and to try articles of impeachment. (In a few states, a separate Executive Council, composed of members elected from large districts, performs the confirmation function.) Members of the smaller chamber represent more citizens and usually serve for longer terms than members of the larger chamber, generally four years. In 41 states, the larger chamber is called the House of Representatives. Five states designate the larger chamber the Assembly and three states call it the House of Delegates. Members of the larger chamber usually serve for terms of two years. The larger chamber customarily has the exclusive power to initiate taxing legislation and articles of impeachment. Prior to United States Supreme Court decisions Reynolds v. Sims and Baker v. Carr in the 1960s, the basis of representation in most state legislatures was modeled on that of the U. S. Congress: the state senators represented geographical units while members of the larger chamber represented population. In 1964, the United States Supreme Court announced the one man, one vote standard and invalidated state legislative representation based on geography. (The ruling does not affect the U. S. Senate because that chamber's makeup is prescribed by the U. S. Constitution . )Nebraska [ edit]Main article: Nebraska Legislature Nebraska originally had a bicameral legislature like the other states, but the lower house was abolished following a referendum, effective with the 1936 elections. The remaining unicameral (one-chamber) legislature is called the Nebraska Legislature, but its members continue to be called senators. Duties and influence [ edit]The Iowa State Capitol building, where the Iowa General Assembly convenes As a legislative branch of government, a legislature generally performs state duties for a state in the same way that the United States Congress performs national duties at the national level. Generally, the same system of checks and balances that exists at the Federal level also exists between the state legislature, the state executive officer (governor) and the state judiciary, though the degree to which this is so varies from one state to the next. During a legislative session, the legislature considers matters introduced by its members or submitted by the governor. Businesses and other special interest organizations often lobby the legislature to ob
500 and 1000 Rupees notes are illegal from today says Indian Prine Minister.What's your say in this? Will it help in curbing black money?
*Everything* is transparent, reflective, and absorbent at the same time. It's just a matter of how much light is reflected at the surface, and how fast light is absorbed when traveling through.
Monarchy of Ireland Since April 1949, the only part of the island of Ireland that retains a monarchical system is Northern Ireland (as part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).his lasted until the Parliament of Ireland conferred the crown of Ireland upon King Henry VIII of England during the English Reformation. The monarch of England held the crowns of England and Ireland in a personal union.
[COMP] Astavakrasana!!
Polydactyly Common, Treatable & Famous About one in 500 people in the United States are affected by polydactyly, with it affecting both males and females at almost the same rate. People of Asian and Caucasian decent are more likely to have radial polydactyly. Ulnar polydactylism is more common in people of African decent.
Wrapped Up: Eurythmics' Sweet Dreams, 30 Years On Matthew Lindsay, April 23rd, 2013 09:51 Wrapped Up: Eurythmics' Sweet Dreams, 30 Years On. Matthew Lindsay , April 23rd, 2013 09:51. It's been three decades since the release of Annie Lennox and Dave Stewart's classic. Released in 1983, Sweet Dreams was the album that finally gave Annie Lennox & Dave Stewart hits. The same year's number one, Touch made them household names.
How to overcome preconceived ideas about social scientists? I have the opposite problem to this question. Often when I talk to someone from a 'hard' scientific field I am 'taught' how statistics work or how programming works. It is a bit like being mansplained but by a hard scientist (hardsplaining, would that be a word?). Once someone was surprised that I know what the Runge-Kutta method is, and I have lost the count of how many times I have been lectured about stuff like the normal distribution and inferential statistics.

Now, I work with quantitative social science, using statistical methods that many would consider quite advanced (e.g. exponential random graph models for social networks, panel econometrics, simultaneous equations) and had the necessary mathematical training for that. 

I am also very familiar with several programming languages. I usually write a lot of code in R or Python, besides being proficient in statistical scripting languages like Stata. I also know a good deal of NetLogo and Java, which I used when I did agent-based modelling. I would write my stuff in Sweave and LaTex if most journals didn't ask for a word document.

My understanding is that precisely because of the observational nature of most social science data, those of us who are into quantitative methods are forced to learn very advanced techniques to deal with issues such as selection bias and unobserved heterogeneity. Furthermore, the intrinsic 'messiness' of social data means that we have to be quite good at data management, usually learning a programming language or two in order to clean our datasets. Moreover, the emergent nature of social phenomena has motivated many of us to use multi-agent simulations in our work, demanding us to learn how to program.

Yet, I get patronised by the person whose randomised experiment allow them to get away with a t-test. How to react when that happens without sounding too defensive? 

I know that generations of armchair sociologists theorising about the social construction of this and that probably created this stereotype of the mathematically inept computationally illiterate social scientist, but I believe that this image doesn't reflect a great share of those in my field. 

EDIT 1: Given the close vote, I'm adding this clarification to what I'm asking. I want to know of strategies, possibly by others in a similar situation, to assert their research credentials or skills in a friendly manner in a social situation where the phenomenon described happens. The type of prejudice that I describe sometimes leads my opinion or ideas to be disregarded because of judgements made based on an incomplete image of my field of study. I believe that there are others there in a similar situation (Economists, for example), who may have strategies to cope with it. There must be a nice way to convey one's competence past the initial impression caused by the stereotype.
. Meat is a very efficient deliverer of protein. Because the muscles of animals and humans share the same components, eating animal tissue is an easy way to get this necessary nutrient. Proteins are made up of amino acids. Amino acids determine the structure and function of proteins. Among other things, amino acids help build cells and repair tissue, form antibodies, and carry oxygen throughout the body. There are twenty-two known amino acids, eight of which are called essential, meaning that our bodies can't manufacture them and must get them from the foods we eat. The table below shows the essential amino acids, the function of the proteins they're found in, and where you can get them in your diet.sulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESblood-sugar regulationgrowth and repair of muscle tissuehemoglobin developmentenergy regulationbeefdairyeggsfishpoultryalmondslentilsseedssoywheatsulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESblood-sugar regulationgrowth and repair of muscle tissuehormone productionwound healingenergy regulationbeefdairyeggsfishpoultryalmondsbrown ricelentilsseedssoywheatsulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESdevelopment and regulation of collagen, antibodies, hormones, and enzymespromotes calcium absorptiongrowth and repair of muscle tissuelowers serum triglyceridesbeefdairyeggsfishlimabeanspotatoessoyyeastsulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESmay prevent arterial fat buildupmay act as an antioxidantpromotes collagen synthesisbeefdairyeggsfishbeansgarliclentilsonionssoybeanssulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESneurotransmitter functionincreases blood levels of norepinephrine, epinephrine, dopaminedairyalmondsavocadospeanutsseedssulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESantibody productionbeefdairyeggspoultrybeansnutsseedssulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESprecursor for serotonin (aids sleep and combats anxiety)niacin productionbeefdairyfishpoultrybarleybrown ricepeanutssoybeanssulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESgrowth and repair of muscle tissueenergy regulationniacin productionbeefdairyeggspoultrygrainsmushroomsnutssoysulfurnitrogencarbonhydrogenoxygen PROTEIN FUNCTION ANIMAL SOURCES PLANT SOURCESgrowthtissue repairhistamine developmentporkpoultrycheesericewheat Protein illustrations courtesy of San Diego Supercomputer Center/ Step Program 
How can I start learning physics by myself?
Victoria turned 18 on 24 May 1837, and a regency was avoided. On 20 June 1837, William IV died at the age of 71, and Victoria became Queen of the United Kingdom. In her diary she wrote, "I was awoke at 6 o'clock by Mamma, who told me the Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Conyngham were here and wished to see me. I got out of bed and went into my sitting-room (only in my dressing gown) and alone, and saw them. Lord Conyngham then acquainted me that my poor Uncle, the King, was no more, and had expired at 12 minutes past 2 this morning, and consequently that I am Queen." Official documents prepared on the first day of her reign described her as Alexandrina Victoria, but the first name was withdrawn at her own wish and not used again.
I Am Woman: The Essential Helen Reddy Collection I Am Woman: The Essential Helen Reddy Collection is a compilation album by Australian-American pop singer Helen Reddy that was released in 1998 by Razor & Tie and, in addition to the title track, includes three additional songs written or cowritten by Reddy ("Best Friend", "More Than You Could Take", and "I Think I'll Write a Song") as well as rare compilation appearances by "Bluebird", "The Fool on the Hill", and two recordings from her brief time with MCA Records ("I Can't Say Goodbye to You" and "Never Say Goodbye").
Why do we hate our sisters?
Eiffel Tower The tower is tall, about the same height as an 81- building, and the tallest structure in Paris. Its base is square, measuring on each side. During its construction, the Eiffel Tower surpassed the Washington Monument to become the tallest man-made structure in the world, a title it held for 41 years until the Chrysler Building in New York City was finished in 1930. Due to the addition of a broadcasting aerial at the top of the tower in 1957, it is now taller than the Chrysler Building by . Excluding transmitters, the Eiffel Tower is the second tallest free-standing
How many subsets of at least one element does a set of six elements have? Best Answer: Hi kgwefkgwe. The number of subsets of n elemnets = 2^n. but this also includes a null set, because a null set is a subset of every set. So in our problem = 2^6 -1 = 63 subsets.
Get event information.
Training & Development Training & Development Training and development Employee Training Introduction Need and benefit of Training Advantages Of Training Programme3 Employee Training Tips For Managers Training Process On-the-job Methods Job Rotation Coaching Job Instruction Committee Assignments Apprenticeship Internship Off-the-job Methods Classroom Lectures Audio-Visual Simulation Vestibule Training Case Studies Role Playing Programmed Instructions Sensitivity Training Management Development On the Job Methods [MD]Job Rotation Mentoring Job Instruction Technique Off the Job Methods [MD]Case Studies Business Games Simulation In-basket Method Sensitivity training Executive Development Sensitivity training is about making people understand about themselves and others reasonably, which is done by developing in them social sensitivity and behavioral flexibility. Social sensitivity in one word is empathy. It is ability of an individual to sense what others feel and think from their own point of view. Behavioral flexibility is ability to behave suitably in light of understanding. Procedure of Sensitivity Training Sensitivity Training Program requires three steps:1. Unfreezing the old values - It requires that the trainees become aware of the inadequacy of the old values. This can be done when the trainee faces dilemma in which his old values is not able to provide proper guidance. The first step consists of a small procedure: An unstructured group of 10-15 people is formed. Unstructured group without any objective looks to the trainer for its guidance But the trainer refuses to provide guidance and assume leadership Soon, the trainees are motivated to resolve the uncertainty Then, they try to form some hierarchy. Some try assume leadership role which may not be liked by other trainees Then, they started realizing that what they desire to do and realize the alternative ways of dealing with the situation2. Development of new values - With the trainer's support, trainees begin to examine their interpersonal behavior and giving each other feedback. The reasoning of the feedbacks are discussed which motivates trainees to experiment with range of new behaviors and values. This process constitutes the second step in the change process of the development of these values.3. Refreezing the new ones - This step depends upon how much opportunity the trainees get to practice their new behaviors and values at their work place. In one way Sensitivity training is the process of developing emotional intelligence, which means "the mental ability an individual possesses enabling him or her to be sensitive and understanding to the emotions of others as well as being able to manage their own emotions and impulses". [Emotional intelligence, according to Merriam Webster, "describes the ability, capacity, skill or, in the case of the trait, to identify, assess, and manage the emotions of one's self, of others, and of groups."] Emotional intelligence enable employees to act according to the situation in the organization faced by him. It develops the ability to understand others feeling and their mental status and interact accordingly. Conflicts and misunderstandings are mostly raised because of lack of emotional intelligence possessed by the person which leads to breakup in perception and relationship they main since long time in organization and effects the productivity of the organization. Emotional intelligence became a popular study in 1995 when Daniel Goleman published his book, Emotional Intelligence: Why it can matter more than IQ. Emotional Intelligence is the ability to recognize and use one's own emotions as well as the emotions of others to help determine what to do (or not to do). The competencies include... Emotional Self-Awareness (knowing what you are feeling),Emotional Self-Management (choosing your emotions - transforming negative emotions into positive emotions),Emotional Self-Motivation (using positive emotions to persist under pressure),Empathy (awareness of other's feelings and using that awareness for successful solutions), and 
From Rand Paul's AMA
What do kids wear to an elementary graduation? Home Forums>Just for Fun>Community Board>WATCH our videos of 7 Walt Disney World Resorts in 7 Nights What do kids wear to an elementary graduation? Discussion in ' Community Board ' started by mommasita, Jun 10, 2008 .mommasita DIS VETERANModerator Joined: Aug 3, 2004Messages: 19,706Since I am home and on meds, I may 'try' to order my son's pants. He has his graduation on June 19th. According to other mother's, their sons are wearing 3 piece suits . I was floored, and my son says NO WAY is he wearing a suit. It is extremely hot lately, the graduation is 1 hour, and the dance is 3 hours after. NO a/c of course in the school, so the jacket IMHO is out. I figured on nice blue pants and a shirt/tie tone on tone? What do you all think. I am in serioius fashionita trouble. Not sure on ordering the pants, as he is hard to fit, and they may be long. Hemming I can not do. I was all set on bringing him with me, but now I may enlist someone else to bring him, as I can not drive. So basically, what do you all think of what I suggested? And/or what do children in our area wear for this. It has been a while since I graduated from elementary school, and ours did not seem to be this elaborate... LOL. Some parents have rented limos, which I think is insanity. We live across the street from the school, so we can hop across if need be >>mommasita, Jun 10, 2008 #1Michelle67<font color=darkorchid>I guess I shouldn't wonder Joined: May 31, 2008Messages: 5,057Man, must be a fancy dancy school. Around here the little girls like to drag out their party dresses, but the little boys pretty much wear dress-casual pants (khakis, whatever) and golf shirts or maybe a button down shirt, but no tie, and no jacket! With my son, when he gets there, I swear I'll be happy if he is just clean. Michelle67, Jun 10, 2008 #2Advertisementmommasita DIS VETERANModerator Joined: Aug 3, 2004Messages: 19,706Michelle67 said: ↑Man, must be a fancy dancy school. Around here the little girls like to drag out their party dresses, but the little boys pretty much wear dress-casual pants (khakis, whatever) and golf shirts or maybe a button down shirt, but no tie, and no jacket! With my son, when he gets there, I swear I'll be happy if he is just clean. Funny thing, not at all fancy one bit. No uniform or anything. This is the shocker. I was planning on dockers with a shirt, but if he is the ONLY one tieless .. He says he will not wear a jacket, and I do not blame him at all. He won't even wear jeans this kid, ONLY sports clothes, so this should be interesting to purchase formal wearmommasita, Jun 10, 2008 #3Michelle67<font color=darkorchid>I guess I shouldn't wonder Joined: May 31, 2008Messages: 5,057I was just teasing about the fancy dancy school. Honestly, I wouldn't buy formal wear for him if it was me. I think he's old enough for you to lay it out that he might be the only one not dressed formally, and if he is okay with it then let it be! My son is just tiny (going to Kindergarten this Sept) but he is a comfort kid like it sounds like your son is. A suit of any kind would be worn once (assuming I could even wrestle it on him THAT many times) and wasted forever-more in the closet here. If that is true at your house, don't do it! Especially if you are sick and it would involve a lot of potential difficulty! I think Dockers and a shirt are perfectly respectable attire, and he will look just fine. Michelle67, Jun 10, 2008 #4agentpleakley<font color=blue>That would be a misuse of galatic Joined: May 8, 2007Messages: 3,672I had 2 elementary graduations in May. DD (kindergarten) -- they wore cap & gowns and went up on stage, sang a couple songs, power point presentation, diploma -- cookies & punch. The girls had dressier dresses on, boys - some had suits, most had khakis or dark colored pants & polo shirt. DS (6th grade) - dinner at local hotel, ceremony & dance. Again, girls - dressy dresses, boys -- 2 had suits on, the rest had khakis and either a polo or a button down. The dress code sent home said Sunday clothes, "no sneakers."
In 1830, the Duchess of Kent and Conroy took Victoria across the centre of England to visit the Malvern Hills, stopping at towns and great country houses along the way. Similar journeys to other parts of England and Wales were taken in 1832, 1833, 1834 and 1835. To the King's annoyance, Victoria was enthusiastically welcomed in each of the stops. William compared the journeys to royal progresses and was concerned that they portrayed Victoria as his rival rather than his heiress presumptive. Victoria disliked the trips; the constant round of public appearances made her tired and ill, and there was little time for her to rest. She objected on the grounds of the King's disapproval, but her mother dismissed his complaints as motivated by jealousy, and forced Victoria to continue the tours. At Ramsgate in October 1835, Victoria contracted a severe fever, which Conroy initially dismissed as a childish pretence. While Victoria was ill, Conroy and the Duchess unsuccessfully badgered her to make Conroy her private secretary. As a teenager, Victoria resisted persistent attempts by her mother and Conroy to appoint him to her staff. Once queen, she banned him from her presence, but he remained in her mother's household.
A. A. Milne ashamed to create a Blank Verse Tragedy at the bidding of others." Milne is most famous for his two "Pooh" books about a boy named Christopher Robin after his son, Christopher Robin Milne, and various characters inspired by his son's stuffed animals, most notably the bear named Winnie-the-Pooh. Christopher Robin Milne's stuffed bear, originally named "Edward," was renamed "Winnie" after a Canadian black bear named Winnie (after Winnipeg), which was used as a military mascot in World War I, and left to London Zoo during the war. "The pooh" comes from a swan the young Milne named "Pooh." E. H.
Sphere: Definition & Formulas Your next lesson will play in 10 seconds Add to Timeline Autoplay 38K views Create an account to start this course today Try it free for 5 days!Create An Account Recommended Lessons and Courses for You Related Lessons Related Courses What is a Hemisphere in Math? - Definition & Example Spheres: Definition, Area & Volume Cones: Definition, Area & Volume What Are Cylinders? - Definition, Area & Volume Lesson Transcript Instructor: Jennifer Beddoe A sphere is a perfectly round three-dimensional object. This lesson will give a mathematical definition of a sphere, discuss the formulas associated with spheres and finish with a quiz. Definition of a Sphere A sphere is a geometrical figure that is perfectly round, 3-dimensional and circular - like a ball. Geometrically, a sphere is defined as the set of all points equidistant from a single point in space. The distance from an outer point to the center of the sphere is the radius ( r) and the maximum straight distance from one side of the sphere to another is the diameter ( d ). A hemisphere is what you would call half a sphere, if you were to split a sphere down the middle. A great circle of the sphere is a circle that has the same radius and center as the sphere itself. Properties A sphere is the geometrical figure that occupies the biggest space, but has the smallest surface area. In other words, when something needs to be as small as possible but still have a large volume, it takes the shape of a sphere. That is why a balloon is round when you blow it up. It wants to hold as much air as possible with the smallest amount of surface. This occurs quite often in nature - common examples include bubbles and water drops. The planet Earth is called a spheroid because it is extremely close to being a sphere, but is not perfectly round. It is elongated a bit at the North and South poles. Formulas Here are the most common formulas associated with a sphere: The volume ( V) of a sphere is the amount of 'stuff' that could fit inside the sphere. Usually, when discussing volume, it is in terms of a liquid or gas. An example would be, 'What is the volume of air that can fit inside a basketball?' The formula for volume is: V = (4/3? r ^3Surface area is just what its name implies: it's the area of the surface of an object. So, if you could cut open the basketball from the previous example and lay its surface out flat, you could see the surface area? This is useful for determining how much material would be needed to cover the sphere in question. The formula for surface area is: SA = 4? r ^2Examples Using our formulas, let's take a look at some example problems using spheres:1.) What is the volume of a ball with a radius of 6 inches? (We'll use 3.14 for pi and round our answer to the nearest .10. )To unlock this lesson you must be a Study.com Member. Create your account Register for a free trial Are you a student or a teacher? I am a student I am a teacher 
I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about.
So let's say we have an atom in free space, with nothing else around it, and at some time it emits a photon. We don't know which direction the photon was emitted, so we describe it by a *wave-function* (not a wave), which is a superposition of all possible momentum states. If we measure the motion of the atom, then we collapse the photon into a single momentum state, in accordance with conservation of energy. In some sense, when we measure the motion of the atom, we force the photon to be moving in a single, definite direction. As an aside, the Heisenberg does not say that we can't measure the momentum of the photon perfectly, but if we did, we'd have absolutely no idea where it was.
Is it safe to fly during pregnancy? And if you're jetting off on holiday you can take advantage of travelling light, with no pushchair, nappies or toys in tow. If you're carrying one baby and you've had an uncomplicated pregnancy, then you can fly up to 36 weeks of pregnancy.
[Here](_URL_0_) ya go! This is a good site. Basically, Alcohol isn't broken down by your body right after you drink it, so when it's moving through your bloodstream, it moves into your lungs and some evaporates. The amount that goes into your breath is directly related to how concentrated it is in your blood-thus, the more intoxicated you are, the more evaporated alcohol there is in your breath. Breathalyzers take a sample of your breath and determine how much you've been drinking. Blood Alcohol Content (BAC) is just a measurement of how much alcohol is in your bloodstream. Since it doesn't break down immediately after consumption, alcohol remains in your bloodstream for awhile.  The legal limit in my state is .08, which means that for every 100mL of blood in your body, there are .08 grams of alcohol in your bloodstream.  Does that help answer the question?
This review deserves the middle-of-the-road rating of three stars.
What Does the Color Pink Symbolize? The color pink symbolizes love, nurturing, romance and typically feminine qualities. Pink is a combination of red and white, so it is often used as a mixture of meaning for the two. It takes the energetic and passionate qualities of red and blends them with the pure, innocent qualities of white. Continue Reading.
COPD Flare-Ups - Topic Overview COPD Flare-Ups - Topic Overview Articles On COPD Flare-Ups Topic Overview Related Information References Credits When you have COPD, especially if you have chronic bronchitis, you may sometimes have sudden attacks where your breathing and coughing symptoms suddenly get worse and stay that way. These attacks are called COPD exacerbations, or flare-ups. With treatment, many people recover and return to the same level of shortness of breath they had before the attack. These attacks may be life-threatening. If your symptoms suddenly get worse, and if taking your medicine doesn't help, have someone take you to the emergency room. Call if needed. COPD attacks often occur more frequently, last longer, and are more severe the longer you have COPD. Cause The two most common causes of a COPD attack are: 1Respiratory tract infections, such as acute bronchitis or pneumonia. Air pollution. Having other health problems, such as heart failure or an abnormal heartbeat ( arrhythmia) may also trigger a flare-up. In some cases, the cause is not known. Here's what happens during an attack: Continue Reading Belowyou might like WEBMDPain Relief Head to toe, here's what helps. Your lungs may suddenly produce more mucus. Or the airways of your lungs (bronchial tubes) may suddenly get narrower. These two things reduce the airflow in your lungs. And that makes it harder to breathe and makes your coughing worse. Symptoms In a COPD attack, your usual symptoms suddenly get worse: You have more shortness of breath and wheezing. You have more coughing, with or without mucus. You may cough up more mucus than usual, and it may be a different color. Some people also have a fever, insomnia, fatigue, depression, or confusion. Treatment Treatment of a COPD attack depends on how bad it is. It may involve several visits to your doctor's office or clinic. Or you may need to be treated in the hospital. To treat COPD attacks, experts recommend: Quick relief (short-acting), inhaled bronchodilators inhaled bronchodilators, which are medicines that relax the bronchial tubes and make it easier to breathe. These medicines may include: Anticholinergics (such as ipratropium ). Beta2-agonists (such as albuterol ). Oral corticosteroid medicines, which reduce the swelling in your airways and may make breathing easier. They are typically given for 5 days to up to 14 days to those who aren't already taking them as part of their long-term treatment. A machine to help you breathe. This is called mechanical ventilation. It is used only if medicine is not helping and you are having a very hard time breathing. Oxygen, to increase the amount of oxygen in your blood. Treatment may also include: Intravenous (IV) Intravenous (IV) fluids, to treat dehydration. Other bronchodilators, such as intravenous theophylline. These are used only if other treatments don't work. Diuretics Diuretics, which remove water from the body by making your body produce more urine. These medicines are used if you are suspected of having heart failure. Antibiotics Antibiotics. People who have COPD have an increased risk of getting pneumonia and frequent lung infections. Your doctor may prescribe antibiotics to help keep you from getting a bacterial infection. Web MD Medical Reference from Healthwise This information is not intended to replace the advice of a doctor. Healthwise disclaims any liability for the decisions you make based on this information. © 1995-2015 Healthwise, Incorporated. Healthwise, Healthwise for every health decision, and the Healthwise logo are trademarks of Healthwise, Incorporated. Next In COPD Flare-Ups Related Information 
Mothers asked nearly 300 questions a day, study finds Mothers asked nearly 300 questions a day, study finds British mothers are called on by their children to answer more questions per hour than David Cameron does during Prime Minister's Questions, averaging 23 to Cameron's 22. The study discovered girls aged four are the most curious, asking an incredible 390 questions per day Photo: Alamy By Telegraph staff and agencies11:38AM GMT 28 Mar 2013Research shows mothers are the most quizzed people in the UK, and on subjects far and wide. They are asked more questions every hour than a primary school teacher - 19 - as well as doctors and nurses, 18. And the study discovered girls aged four are the most curious, asking an incredible 390 questions per day - averaging a question every 1 minute 56 seconds of their waking day. The report by online retailer Littlewoods.com looked at a typical day at home with the kids for a British mum and when they have to field the most queries. From breakfast at 7.19am to tea time at 7.59pm, the average mum faces a testing 12.5 hour day of questioning - working out at one question every two minutes 36 seconds. Related Articles My Easter can be summed up in a single word: nagging28 Mar 2013Parents ignore second child when it comes to photos13 Sep 2013The family is more popular than ever26 Mar 2013What's worse than promiscuous teens? 40-year-old virgins28 Mar 2013Sex education: should schools be teaching our children morals?23 Mar 2013It is during meal times when most questions are asked, young children rattling off 11. This is closely followed by a routine trip to the shops, prompting 10, and the reading of a bed-time story, which typically results in nine. Interestingly, a huge 82 per cent of infants apparently go to their mum first rather than their dad if they have a query. A quarter of children, 24 per cent, said they go to their mother first if they have a question because their dad will just say 'ask your mum'. The sorts of questions mums tend to get asked varies greatly, but the most difficult include 'why is water wet?' and 'what are shadows made of?'. Other, more awkward, queries include 'why do we have to go to school?' and 'why are you so old?'. In all, a mother's knowledge is in such demand they get asked around 105,120 questions a year by their children. The research found the amount of questions asked by children differs with age and gender, four year old girls being the most inquisitive. At the other end of the spectrum, nine-year-old boys are more content with their knowledge, asking 144 questions per day - one every five minutes 12 seconds. And though the number of questions kids ask falls with age, they increase in difficulty - so much so 82 per cent of mums admit they can't answer them. Nine out of ten mothers even concede they have resorted to secretly using Google to solve their infant's problem. The survey involved 1,000 mothers with children aged between two and ten. Full time mother Emma Edwards, 41, from Southampton, Hants, has two sons, aged three and five. She said: "From the moment my boys wake up they seem to ask questions non-stop. "Some of the questions they ask are really bizarre and I wonder what's going on in their heads, like 'what happens if a dog and a cat are sick on a zebra?'. "At times it can be tiring trying to answer their constant queries but it is often fun and all part of their growing up and learning about the world they live in. "Gary Kibble, of Littlewoods.com, said: "This research proves the nation's mums are bombarded with questions from their children on a daily basis. "While mums may struggle to answer some of their children's questions and have to consult the Internet, it shows how inquisitive young children are and how they are constantly wondering about the things around them. "The fact mothers are asked even more questions than David Cameron just goes to show they have one of the toughest jobs in the country. "The five toughest questions mothers get asked:1) Why is water wet? (35 per cent)2) Where does the sky end? (34 per cent)3) What are s
Rachel Weisz resided in the East Village in Manhattan. In November 2010, Weisz and Aronofsky announced that they had been apart for months, but remain close friends and are committed to bringing up their son together in New York. Weisz began dating actor Daniel Craig in December 2010 and they married on 22 June 2011 in a private New York ceremony, with four guests in attendance, including Weisz's son and Craig's daughter. On 1 September 2018, it was reported that they had had their first child together, a daughter. On 7 July 2007, Weisz presented at the American leg of Live Earth,
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
- The 2016 Butler, Pennsylvania, population is 13,289. There are 4,887 people per square mile (population density). The median age is 35.8. The US median is 37.4. 41.15% of people in Butler, Pennsylvania, are married. 18.45% are divorced.
>  Is there something else that they are trying to hide from us I'm sorry, I have to remove this post. If you invoke conspiracies, we're not going to get a good discussion. Wikipedia has an excellent article on the man and his work, and it sticks to the facts - including citations.
Dancing with the Stars (U.S. season 12) Season twelve of "Dancing with the Stars" premiered on March 21, 2011. Carrie Ann Inaba, Bruno Tonioli, and Len Goodman returned to the show as judges, while Tom Bergeron and Brooke Burke returned as hosts.
This question has been asked before I think. Basically, very little. Except the cost to do so. And many already have.
Johnny 'Bananas' Devenanzio Johnny 'Bananas' Devenanzio. Johnny 'Bananas' Devenanzio was born on June 22, 1982. He is an actor, known for The Challenge (1998), Real World (1992) and We Heart Diem (2014). See full bio ».
Initiate a call.
A typical non-FHA/USDA loan usually requires 20% downpayment because the lender doesn't want to be too exposed in the event of a foreclosure. The government loans tend to be more forgiving in regards to credit. The two houses we've bought over the years have been FHA because we didn't have 800+ credit scores and 20% down. FHA loans generally require only 3-5% down and you can sometimes get a downpayment assistance program that will help you with that 3%. We bought our two houses with about $500 out of pocket per house.
Kelsey Grammer, Wife Kayte Expecting Second Child! Kelsey Grammer and wife Kayte are expecting their second child together, a source confirms to Us Weekly. Credit: Jeff Vespa/WireImage. Kelsey Grammer is going to be a dad again. The 59-year-old actor is expecting his second child with wife Kayte, a source confirms to Us Weekly. The couple, who wed in February 2011, attended the 2014 Vanity Fair Oscar Party in West Hollywood on Sunday, March 2.
Accessibility to sequential working memory fluctuates unconsciously in a rhythmic manner
What Is Seroquel (Quetiapine)? What Is Seroquel (Quetiapine)?59 Reviews Seroquel is the brand name of the generic drug quetiapine, used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder (formerly known as manic-depression). Seroquel changes the levels of neurotransmitters (naturally occurring brain substances) including serotonin and dopamine. Seroquel belongs to a class of medications called atypical antipsychotics. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved quetiapine in 1997 under the brand name Seroquel for drug manufacturer Astra Zeneca. Two years earlier, Astra Zeneca agreed to pay $520 million to settle federal investigations into the drugmaker's marketing practices for Seroquel. Investigators had accused the company of illegally marketing the antipsychotic drug for uses that were not approved by the FDA. Although it's legal for a doctor to prescribe drugs for off-label purposes, it's illegal for a drug manufacturer to actively promote any off-label use. Off-label uses of Seroquel include treatment of aggression, Alzheimer's disease, anxiety, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), depression, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and insomnia. Seroquel and Weight Gain Weight gain is a known side effect of taking Seroquel, and doctors have prescribed the drug off-label to treat anorexia nervosa. However, a study published in European Eating Disorders Review in 2012 found that Seroquel did not help people with anorexia gain weight, nor did it help ease their symptoms of anxiety or depression. Moreover, there is not enough evidence to show that the benefits of Seroquel for off-label uses outweigh the risks associated with the drug, concluded a study published in the Journal of Psychosocial Nursing and Mental Health Services in 2013. Seroquel Warnings The FDA has placed two black-box warnings on Seroquel: First, you should not take Seroquel if you are an older person with dementia, a mental health condition that causes decreased memory, confused thinking, and changes in mood and personality. People with dementia have an increased risk for dying while on Seroquel. If you or a family member may have dementia, talk with a doctor about this before taking Seroquel. Secondly, Seroquel may increase your risk for suicide. The risk is greatest when starting treatment or increasing the dose of Seroquel, and may be higher for people younger than 24. Let your doctor know right away if you are taking Seroquel and have: Thoughts of suicide Worsening depression Symptoms of aggression Irritability Panic attacks Extreme worry Restlessness Acting without thinking Abnormal excitement Your doctor will watch you carefully for any of these symptoms when you start Seroquel. Also, let your friends and family members know about these symptoms. If you have any thoughts of suicide or if a friend or family member thinks you're acting strangely, call your doctor right away. Experts don't know whether Seroquel is a safe and effective treatment for schizophrenia in children younger than 13. The safety of the drug for treating bipolar mania in children younger than 10 and bipolar depression in children younger than 18 is also unknown. When taking Seroquel, you should avoid extreme exercise, especially in hot weather. Drink plenty of water, especially when you are exercising or out in hot weather. Seroquel Withdrawal Do not stop taking this drug suddenly, as it can cause withdrawal symptoms including nausea, vomiting, and sleep problems. Seroquel may increase your risk for diabetes, so tell your doctor about any history of diabetes in you or your family. Also, ask your doctor what symptoms of diabetes to look for while you are on Seroquel. Other conditions to discuss with your doctor before you start Seroquel include: Irregular heartbeat History of heart attack Frequent nausea or diarrhea Cataracts Seizures High cholesterol High or low blood pressure History of stroke History of cancer Liver disease Leukopenia or neutropenia (low white blood cell count)Seroquel 'High' and Abuse Doctors and drug-abuse experts have noted that Seroquel has bee
Welcome to SpeedMath - Multiply and Divide! Science Education Privacy and Security Notice Welcome to Speed Math - Multiply and Divide!The goal of Speed Math - Multiply and Divide is to create an equation, as quickly as possible, from the four digits the computer gives you. You can use multiplication and division to create your equation, but you are not allowed to rearrange the digits. You are allowed to select the following: Type of Game - Choose Single Player to practice Speed Math Deluxe. Choose Tournament Play if you want to challenge your classmates!Length of Game - Single players can choose games consisting of 5, 10 or 15 questions. All tournaments are 10 questions long. Speed Math Deluxe, Speed Math - Addition and Subtraction and Speed Math - Inequalities are also available. Type of Game Single Player Tournament Play Length of Game51015This page is maintained by Steve Gagnon. Citation and linking information 
How can I locate my husband's phone location without him knowing?
James Marsters James Marsters James Wesley Marsters (born August 20, 1962) is an American actor, musician and voice actor. He is best known for his role as the English vampire Spike in The WB series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and its spin-off, "Angel". Since then, he has played the alien super villain Brainiac on the Superman-inspired series "Smallville", Captain John Hart on "Torchwood" and terrorist Barnabas Greeley in Syfy's "Caprica". He appeared in a supporting role in the film "P.S. I Love You", as Victor Hesse in the "Hawaii Five-0" reboot, Victor Stein in the Marvel Comics series "Runaways" and as the
What Are Network Topologies? Main » Quick Reference »What Are Network Topologies? Tweet Related Termsmeshtopologyphysical topologylogical topologystar networkapplication topology mappingnetworkdual-ring topologywireless mesh networkbus network Updated March 15, 2017 / Posted May 05, 2011 By Vangie Beal Network Topology refers to layout of a network. How different nodes in a network are connected to each other and how they communicate is determined by the network's topology. Network Topology refers to the layout of a network and how different nodes in a network are connected to each other and how they communicate. Topologies are either physical (the physical layout of devices on a network) or logical (the way that the signals act on the network media, or the way that the data passes through the network from one device to the next). This Webopedia Study Guide describes five of the most common network topologies. Network Topology Checklist Key Terms to Know Mesh Topology Star Topology Bus Topology Ring Topology Tree Topology Getting Started: Key Terms to Know The following definitions will help you to better understand network topology: Network Topology Node Physical Topology Logical Topology1. Mesh Topology Mesh Topology: In a mesh network, devices are connected with many redundant interconnections between network nodes. In a true mesh topology every node has a connection to every other node in the network. There are two types of mesh topologies: Full mesh topology: occurs when every node has a circuit connecting it to every other node in a network. Full mesh is very expensive to implement but yields the greatest amount of redundancy, so in the event that one of those nodes fails, network traffic can be directed to any of the other nodes. Full mesh is usually reserved for backbone networks. Partial mesh topology: is less expensive to implement and yields less redundancy than full mesh topology. With partial mesh, some nodes are organized in a full mesh scheme but others are only connected to one or two in the network. Partial mesh topology is commonly found in peripheral networks connected to a full meshed backbone.2. Star Topology Star Topology: In a star network devices are connected to a central computer, called a hub. Nodes communicate across the network by passing data through the hub. Main Advantage: In a star network, one malfunctioning node doesn't affect the rest of the network. Main Disadvantage: If the central computer fails, the entire network becomes unusable.3. Bus Topology Bus Topology: In networking a bus is the central cable -- the main wire -- that connects all devices on a local-area network ( LAN ). It is also called the backbone. This is often used to describe the main network connections composing the Internet. Bus networks are relatively inexpensive and easy to install for small networks. Ethernet systems use a bus topology. Main Advantage: It's easy to connect a computer or device and typically it requires less cable than a star topology. Main Disadvantage: The entire network shuts down if there is a break in the main wire and it can be difficult to identify the problem if the network shuts down.4. Ring Topology Ring Topology: A local-area network ( LAN) whose topology is a ring. That is, all of the nodes are connected in a closed loop. Messages travel around the ring, with each node reading those messages addressed to it. Main Advantage: One main advantage to a ring network is that it can span larger distances than other types of networks, such as bus networks, because each node regenerates messages as they pass through it.5. Tree Topology Tree Topology: This is a "hybrid" topology that combines characteristics of linear bus and star topologies. In a tree network, groups of star-configured networks are connected to a linear bus backbone cable. Main Advantage: A Tree topology is a good choice for large computer networks as the tree topology "divides" the whole network into parts that are more easily manageable. Main Disadvantage: The entire network depends on a central hub and a failure of the centr
Henzilla madness: every girl I know complains about hen dos It was cheap, cheerful and mercifully short. Fast forward another 20 years and the reality is anything but. According to a new survey, the average cost of a hen do is now £157 per person, a fifty per cent rise in five years (up from £102 in 2008).And girls, unless we act now, things are only going to get worse. Now the UK hen and stag industry is estimated to be worth up to £500m a year in the UK.ith a lack of real-life anecdotes to go on then, as a child, my idea of what a hen party constituted was entirely based on TV show EastEnders. So, a night at the local pub, some ropy sausage rolls, an even ropier stripper wearing a ‘posing pouch’ and a mob of drunk aunties shouting ‘get yer kit off’.
It was introduced when colleges begin to organize course work systematically. Courses starting with a 1 are intended for freshman, 2 for sophomores, et cetera. The second digit is the content area and third digit the sequence. So the 101 is introductory course. 102, 103, etc should be take sequentially. Edit: 101 became the socially accepted indicator for introductory courses.
This comment is toxic.
a thin layer of water heats up very quickly. Take a wet sponge, put it in the microwave for 10 seconds, it will be extremely hot. A cup of water wouldn't be warm in 10 seconds.
- Edwards (formerly, Muroc and Wherry Housing) is an unincorporated community in Kern County, California.[1]
- Feast your eyes on the World's Largest Gummy Worm. This huge gummy worm is an impressive creature created from the two most delicious gummy flavors ever (cherry and blue raspberry of course.) Forget the cake and ditch the ice cream -- this 26 worm is any party's best guest. Weight: 3 lbs. Length: 26 in.
How HIV Affects the Body Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is a virus that causes the condition acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). The virus attacks a specific type of immune system cell in the body, known as CD4 helper lymphocyte cells. HIV destroys these cells, making it harder for your body to fight off other infections.
Alum Powder: Does Alum Help Tighten Your Vagina? Alum Powder: Does Alum Help Tighten Your Vagina? By: admin | In: Vaginal Tightening | Last Updated: 12 months ago Like Tweet Pin it Share Share Email Alum white powder is a natural vaginal tighten ingredient used mainly by women in Carraibe. However, alum powder has many uses, particularly in industry and cosmetics. I will not talk about the different types of alum, you can read more on wikipedia if you want, but about the different uses of alum powder. You can buy alum either as a fine white powder or as crystals. Many women are looking for where to find alum powder and the afrikan stores can be a good idea to ask or you can find it online. Be aware that it has its own side-effects also, as it can irritate the skin. Does alum powder help tighten my vagina? Yes, it does help tighten the vagina. It also helps tighten the skin in general. Some vaginal tightening creams do contain alum. However, when used naturally, at home, you may risk damaging the vaginal tissues. One of the reason could be the that its very alkaline. You can read here more about it. But, nonetheless, it does work very well for shrinking your vagina. It is just not safe used for long term and for this reason I believe you should use other natural herbs or vagial tightening creams which are way more safer. You can read more about sepia uses and aloe vera benefits for the vaginal area. Alum is used for othe skin conditions as well. It is very efficient in curing mouth ulcers and remove the bad skin odors. This is why it’s used in deodorants and toothpaste fabrication. Alum powder cream Because it’s not a safe ingredient to use, I havn’t found any alum cream for tightening the vagina. If you are looking for the best rated vaginal tightening cream, I do recommend V Tight Gel which contains Manjakani. Easy Related Posts Why I Love The New Vaginal Wands What Are Vaginal Wands? In case you've never heard about them, they are quite new on ...read more Vaginal Tightening Inserts There are many products today that you can use to tighten up your vaginal muscles. ...read more Vagina Tightening Pills: Which Brand Should You Choose? Compared with vaginal tightening creams or gels, there are not so many vaginal tightening pills ...read more Aloe Vera Benefits For Women Health Aloe Vera has been used for centuries for its health benefits. Now, I am sure ...read more Best Vaginal Tightening Products I am sure that you want to know which are the best vaginal tightening products ...read more Vaginal Tightening Surgery What is vaginal tightening surgery? This type of surgery also known as vaginoplasty helps women reduce ...read more 
- Atlanta MARTA Customer Service Phone Number Phone Number of Atlanta MARTA is (404) 848-5000. Atlanta Marta is a short form, used for The Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority.
- Confidence votes 131. All four tissue types are present in the stomach. The stomach is lined with EPITHELIAL type cells (simple columnar). Beneath the epithelial cells there is CONNECTIVE type tissue.Beneath this you will find (smooth) MUSCLE cells. There is also NERVOUS type tissue present in the wall of the stomach (myenteric and submucosal plexus).he types of tissues that make up your heart are cardiac muscle tissue, nerve tissue and blood tissue. The cardiac muscle tissue contract … s, making the heart pump. The nerve tissue brings messages that tell the heart how fast to beat. The blood tissue is carried from the heart to other organs of the body.
Kirinite? Support Blade Forums! Paid memberships don't see ads!As we apparently are transitioning out of ivory materials, and as India appears to be chintzy with their sambar stag, I have been thinking about other kinds of knife handle materials. I apologize in advance if I missed it, but I did a search and I could not find any threads in this forum discussing kirinite as a knife handle material for custom knives. I think it is a cool looking material - it looks better to me than micarta, G10, LSCF, etc. Any custom knifemakers here with any experience using it? if so, what are your thoughts? I did find a knife by Mark Behnke with it, but that was it. How about collectors/users? Anyone here use or collect knives with kirinite handles/scales? Again, what do you like or dislike about it? I am thinking of commissioning a Loveless-style knife with kirinite scales, so I am really interested in the experiences of others here. TIA! 
The Magnificent Ambersons (film) The Magnificent Ambersons (film) The Magnificent Ambersons is a 1942 American period drama, the second feature film produced and directed by Orson Welles. Welles adapted Booth Tarkington's Pulitzer Prize–winning 1918 novel, about the declining fortunes of a wealthy Midwestern family and the social changes brought by the automobile age. The film stars Joseph Cotten, Dolores Costello, Anne Baxter, Tim Holt, Agnes Moorehead and Ray Collins, with Welles providing the narration. Welles lost control of the editing of "The Magnificent Ambersons" to RKO, and the final version released to audiences differed significantly from his rough cut of the film. More than
Automatic generation of call graph in IDA Pro
The farmer, or specifically the small landowner-cultivator, was ranked just below scholars and officials in the social hierarchy. Other agricultural cultivators were of a lower status, such as tenants, wage laborers, and in rare cases slaves. Artisans and craftsmen had a legal and socioeconomic status between that of owner-cultivator farmers and common merchants. State-registered merchants, who were forced by law to wear white-colored clothes and pay high commercial taxes, were considered by the gentry as social parasites with a contemptible status. These were often petty shopkeepers of urban marketplaces; merchants such as industrialists and itinerant traders working between a network of cities could avoid registering as merchants and were often wealthier and more powerful than the vast majority of government officials. Wealthy landowners, such as nobles and officials, often provided lodging for retainers who provided valuable work or duties, sometimes including fighting bandits or riding into battle. Unlike slaves, retainers could come and go from their master's home as they pleased. Medical physicians, pig breeders, and butchers had a fairly high social status, while occultist diviners, runners, and messengers had low status.
Salmonella it is available, or when oxygen is not available, using other electron acceptors or fermentation ("anaerobically"). "S. enterica" subspecies are found worldwide in all warm-blooded animals and in the environment. "S. bongori" is restricted to cold-blooded animals, particularly reptiles. "Salmonella" species are intracellular pathogens; certain serotypes cause illness. Nontyphoidal serotypes can be transferred from animal-to-human and from human-to-human. They usually invade only the gastrointestinal tract and cause salmonellosis, the symptoms of which can be resolved without antibiotics. However, in sub-Saharan Africa, nontyphoidal "Salmonella" can be invasive and cause paratyphoid fever, which requires immediate treatment with antibiotics. Typhoidal serotypes can only
Ultraviolet rays are broken down into two types: UVB and UVA. Normal windows block most UVB rays which are the ones responsible for sunburn. However, they still let in UVA rays, which can still cause bleaching.
Salma Hayek Salma Hayek ( Jiménez ) Pinault ( born September 2 , 1966 ) , known professionally as Salma Hayek , is a Mexican and American film actress , producer , and former model . She began her career in Mexico starring in the telenovela Teresa and starred in the film El Callejón de los Milagros ( Miracle Alley ) for which she was nominated for an Ariel Award . In 1991 Hayek moved to Hollywood and came to prominence with roles in movies such as Desperado ( 1995 ) , From Dusk Till Dawn ( 1996 ) , Dogma ( 1999 ) , and Wild Wild West ( 1999 ) .   Her breakthrough role was in the 2002 film Frida as Mexican painter Frida Kahlo for which she was nominated in the category of Best Actress for an Academy Award , BAFTA Award , Screen Actors Guild Award , and Golden Globe Award . This movie received widespread attention and was a critical and commercial success . She won a Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing in a Children/Youth/Family Special in 2004 for The Maldonado Miracle and received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2007 after guest-starring in the ABC television comedy-drama Ugly Betty . She also guest-starred on the NBC comedy series 30 Rock from 2009 to 2013 .   Hayek 's recent films include Grown Ups ( 2010 ) , Puss in Boots ( 2011 ) , Grown Ups 2 ( 2013 ) , and Tale of Tales ( 2015 ) .
Letter of intent From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For the "letter of intent" in U. S. college sports, see National Letter of Intent. [ hide]This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. ( Learn how and when to remove these template messages)This article needs additional citations for verification. (January 2009)The examples and perspective in this article deal primarily with the United States and do not represent a worldwide view of the subject. (March 2009)A typical LOIA letter of intent ( LOI or Lo I, and sometimes capitalized as Letter of Intent in legal writing, but only when referring to a specific document under discussion) is a document outlining one or more agreements between two or more parties before the agreements are finalized. The concept is similar to a heads of agreement, term sheet or memorandum of understanding. Such outlined agreements may be mergers and acquisitions transaction agreements, [1] joint venture agreements, real property lease agreements and several other categories of agreements that may govern material transactions. LOIs resemble short, written contracts, but are usually in tabular form and not binding on the parties in their entirety. Many LOIs, however, contain provisions that are binding, such as those governing non-disclosure, governing law, exclusivity or covenants to negotiate in good faith. [1] An LOI may sometimes be interpreted by a court of law as binding the parties to it if it too-closely resembles a formal contract and does not contain clear disclaimers. [2]A letter of intent may be presented by one party to another party and subsequently negotiated before execution (or signature). If carefully negotiated, an LOI may serve to protect both parties to a transaction. For example, a seller of a business may incorporate what is known as a non-solicitation provision, which would restrict the buyer's ability to hire an employee of the seller's business should the two parties not be able to close the transaction. On the other hand, an LOI may protect the buyer of a business by expressly conditioning its obligation to complete the transaction if is unable to secure financing for the transaction. [3]Contents [ hide ]1 Purposes of an LOI2 Specific examples3 See also4 References Purposes of an LOI [ edit]Common purposes of an LOI are: To allow parties to sketch out fundamental terms quickly before expending substantial resources on negotiating definitive agreements, finalizing due diligence, pursuing third-party approvals and other matters [1]To declare officially that the parties are currently negotiating, as in a merger or joint venture proposal To provide safeguards in case a deal collapses during negotiation To verify certain issues regarding payments made for someone else ( e.g., credit card payments)Potential downsides to using an LOI may include: The parties may engage in protracted negotiations on only a subset of a deal’s terms Management time and focus may be diverted Alternative opportunities may be missed and markets may move against the parties during negotiations Parties may reduce their lack of a workable deal framework into an LOI, with a hope of making progress later Public disclosure obligations may be inadvertently triggered The risk of leaks, exacerbated by the desire of some to tout the LOI to the world, or shop it to other parties [1]Specific examples [ edit]See also: National Letter of Intent In academia, a letter of intent is part of the application process, [ clarification needed] in which it is also known as a statement of purpose or application essay. In education in the United States, letters of intent are also frequently reached between high school senior athletes and colleges/universities, for the reservation of athletic scholarships for the athletes upon graduation from high school. School administrators in secondary education often require a letter of intent before approving the formation of a student club. In real estate, in cases where the real property in question is not listed o
virtual assistant - Computer Definition virtual assistant - Computer Definition (1) An individual who performs administrative functions for clients. See human virtual assistant . (2) An application that lets people ask questions by speaking in their natural language and listening to verbal answers. Although virtual assistants are in tablets and desktop computers, they caused the smartphone to become an incredibly useful electronic companion. No matter where people are, they can ask about anything that is public knowledge and get an answer. Also called a "personal assistant," "digital assistant," "intelligent agent" and "voice assistant," Apple's Siri popularized the concept in 2011. Siri was followed by Google Now in Android and Chrome devices, Cortana in Windows, Amazon Echo (Alexa) and Facebook M. The Viv platform was created to revolutionize this technology (see Viv ). See Siri, Google Now, Cortana, Amazon Echo and Facebook M . Virtual assistants cannot only answer questions, they can make phone calls, calendar appointments and reminders and set alarms. The more information kept in the phone, the more personalized the results. Virtual assistants are the first embodiment of artificial intelligence used on a daily basis by hundreds of millions of people (see AI ). Virtual assistants are increasingly called "chatbots" (see chatbot ). Heavy Lifting in the Cloud The virtual assistant is driven by one or more semantic knowledge bases on the Internet as well as the data in the user's device. Over time, the virtual assistant becomes more tailored to the individual. See knowledge base, Semantic Web, AI and S Voice . Computer Desktop Encyclopedia THIS DEFINITION IS FOR PERSONAL USE ONLY All other reproduction is strictly prohibited without permission from the publisher. © 1981-2017 The Computer Language Company Inc. All rights reserved. Link/Cite 
What is the best way to do commodities trading?
- No; Big Ben stands at 316ft, while the Washington Monument stands at 555ft. Sources: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington_Monument http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Ben.
Chess is a game with a small, well-defined set of rules in a limited space. Conceptually, it is much easier to try to develop a good chess playing AI than for a much more free-form real-time strategy game or shooter.
Symptoms Of Encephalomalacia: Causes And Treatment Options Published January 25, 2016 by PUPSymptoms Of Encephalomalacia: Causes And Treatment Options Human brain is delicate and intricate organ but unlike other animals it is a site of mind which makes humans superior to other creatures on planet earth. Brain controls whole body system. If anything goes wrong with brain, body functions are affected. Encephalomalacia is medical terminology used for brain softening. The part of brain affected is cerebrum. Encephalomalacia can affect anyone, even a developing embryo in uterus. It is a serious disorder of central nervous system. This brain disorder generally occurs due to stroke or serious brain injury causing hemorrhage in brain. Patient suffering from encephalomalacia may experience too much drowsiness, vertigo, headache, difficulty in movement and coordination etc. There may be permanent or temporary loss of eyesight. Encephalomalacia cannot be treated. Treatment is therefore directed to correct the underlying cause which is responsible for this condition. Causes Of Encephalomalacia There are number of heath conditions and disorders that can cause encephalomalacia. However, in majority of cases it occurs due to stroke or due to serious brain injury that damages the brain tissue due to hemorrhage or bleeding. Mainly the cerebrum becomes soft. It is the largest part of brain. Reasoning and thinking are two functions of cerebrum. It also controls muscular movements. Encephalomalacia can be localized or it can spread to adjacent brain tissue from a local focal area. Below are important conditions that can cause extensive softening of brain tissue. Cerebral infarction leading to stroke is the most common cause for encephalomalacia. This condition involves disruption of blood flow to the brain due to damage to the blood vessel supplying blood to the brain. Part of brain dies in stroke. The brain cells are substituted with scar tissue which consists of astrocytes. It is instrumental in causing softening of brain. Traumatic brain injury is another cause. Severe brain injury caused due to external force such as a violent blow from car accident, penetrating object such as a bullet can lead to extensive softening of cerebrum. Infection which results in severe swelling of brain tissue can damage the brain tissue resulting in extensive softening. Symptoms Of Encephalomalacia Symptoms of encephalomalacia may vary from one person to another. It may depend on the part and portion of brain affected. Symptoms can be mild or severe. Age and overall health of a person is also considered to play a role in severity of symptoms. Brain softening can be localized or it can spread to nearby area from the original damage part of the cerebrum. Encephalomalacia can thus lead to multiple organ dysfunctions at the same time. Symptoms commonly observed with encephalomalacia are: Severe form of drowsiness. Difficulty in movement and coordination. Blindness either temporary or permanent. Pressure in head or severe headache. Vertigo Memory loss Diagnosis: Diagnosis of encephalomalacia is possible with imaging techniques. MRI and CT scan are two useful imaging techniques to indentify softening of brain. Treatment Options For Encephalomalacia Encephalomalacia is not curable condition. It is not possible to reverse the damaged brain cell. The main aim of treatment is to detect the underlying cause which is instrumental in causing the condition and dealing with it effectively. In extreme cases surgical removal of particular damaged area may be considered. But this option in most cases is not proved to have favorable results that can improve the lost function or reverse the cellular damage that has already occurred. With advancement in stem cell science, researchers are trying the usefulness stem cell therapy in correcting this disorder. However, it is still in its primary stage. Related posts: Symptoms Of Anoxic Brain Injury: Causes And Treatment Options Causes Of Glioblastoma: Its Symptoms And Treatment Options Treatment Options For Brain Hypoxia: Its Causes 
Rash after flu like symptoms ? Is this normal on my chest? The first symptoms of chickenpox usually develop about 14 to 16 days after contact with a person infected with the virus. Most people feel sick and have a fever, a decreased appetite, a headache, a cough, and a sore throat. The itchy chickenpox rash usually appears about 1 or 2 days after the first symptoms start. After a chickenpox red spot appears, it usually takes about 1 or 2 days for the spot to go through all its stages.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Drug-Resistant Superbugs, Multi-drug Resistant Organisms: MRSA, VRE, Clostridium difficile, and CRE  (Online CE Course) Drug-Resistant Superbugs, Multi-drug Resistant Organisms: MRSA, VRE, Clostridium difficile, and CRE (Online CE Course) (based on 914 customer ratings)Authors: Carolyn M. Law, Ph D, MT (AMT); Catherine Dragoni, MT (ASCP)SM Co-author: Judi Bennett, MT, BSMIn light of the recent death of a Nevada woman infected with carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CRE), we wonder how prepared our laboratory professionals are for the challenges that may lie ahead... To aid in the continued education about CRE and other multi-drug resistant microbes, we're republishing our Multi-drug Resistant Organisms: MRSA, VRE, Clostridium difficile, and CRE course. New information and updates have been added to address the potential of increased CRE infections. Multiple drug resistant organisms (MDROs) are a serious problem facing healthcare and the general public. This course details the clinical significance, risk factors, and laboratory detection of these multi-drug resistant organisms: methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus, vancomycin resistant Enterococcus species, Clostridium difficile, and carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae. See all available courses »Continuing Education Credits P. A. C. E.® Contact Hours (acceptable for AMT, ASCP, and state recertification): 2.5 hour (s)Course number 578-013-17, approved through 2/28/2019Florida Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel Credit Hours - General (Microbiology/Mycology/Parasitology): 2.5 hour (s)Course number 20-565993, approved through 9/1/2018Objectives Identify the virulence factors that are expressed by drug resistant strains of Staphylococcus aureus, Clostridium difficile, Enterococcus faecium and faecalis, and carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae. List the risk factors and clinical syndromes that are associated with these drug resistant organisms. Describe the recommended laboratory procedures involved in screening for and detecting drug-resistant organisms. Name the drugs that are currently available for treatment of these infections and describe the proper treatment protocols. Customer Ratings (based on 914 customer ratings)Course Outline Click on the links below to preview selected pages from this course. Introduction Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Vancomycin Resistant Enterococci Clostridium difficile Carbapenem-Resistant Enterobacteriaceae MRSA is only a problem for patients who are hospitalized. Staphylococcus aureus Staphylococcus aureus S. aureus Virulence Factors The pathogenicity of S. aureus, as well as the frequency with which this organism produces infections, can be attributed to: Clinical significance of S. aureus Beta-lactam antibiotics and S. aureus Which of these describes the mode of action of the beta-lactam class of antibiotics? Beta-lactam antibiotics interfere with cell wall synthesis by: MRSABeta-lactams and Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Healthcare (Hospital)-Associated MRSA (HA-MRSA) versus Community-Associated MRSA (CA-MRSA)Risk Factors The increased resistance of MRSA strains to beta-lactam antibiotics is due to production of which of the following penicillin binding proteins (PBPs)? Which are true statements regarding HA-MRSA and CA-MRSA? Laboratory Diagnosis of MRSALaboratory Identification of S. aureus Screening Cultures for MRSAAssume you perform microbiology for an institution submitting surveillance cultures for MRSA. Which isolate should receive further workup to rule out ... Susceptibility Testing of Isolates Susceptibility Testing Selection of Drugs for Testing Interpretation of Oxacillin Broth Dilution Tests. Interpretation of Oxacillin and Cefoxitin Disk Diffusion Tests Detection of Oxacillin Resistance Which of the following scenarios represents appropriate detection of MRSA by the Kirby Bauer method? A laboratory performs MIC tests, in addition to Kirby Bauer, and a PBP 2a assay on blood culture isolates. Which of the following isolates should be r... MRSA Treatment/Vancomycin Resistance in
- 1 Hydrocotton is one of the highest quality, ULTRA SOFT and most luxurious towel on the market today. 2  Hydrocotton is one of the highest quality, ULTRA SOFT and most luxurious towel on the market today.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
Kleenex This article is about the Kleenex brand. For the band, see Kleenex (band). For the generic item, see Facial tissue. Kleenex A box of Kleenex facial tissues Product type Facial Tissue Owner Kimberly-Clark Country United States Introduced July 12, 1924; 93 years ago Markets Worldwide Previous owners International Cellucotton Products Company Registered as a trademark in USAWebsite www .kleenex .com Kleenex is a brand name for a variety of paper-based products such as facial tissue, bathroom tissue, paper towels, tampons, and diapers. Often used informally as a genericized trademark for facial tissue in the United States, the name Kleenex is a registered trademark of Kimberly-Clark Worldwide, Inc. Kleenex products are manufactured in 30 countries and sold in more than 170 countries. Kleenex brands include Cottonelle, Huggies, and VIVA. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 Kleenex Trademark3 See also4 References5 External links History [ edit]A box of Kleenex tissues The first Western facial tissue, introduced in 1924 and originally marketed as a way to remove cold cream or makeup (it had been in use for centuries before in Japan; see History of facial tissue for details). [1] It was a disposable substitute for face towels or cotton wool. In 1925, the first Kleenex tissue ad was used in magazines showing "the new secret of keeping a pretty skin as used by famous movie stars...". A few years after the introduction of Kleenex, the company's head researcher tried to persuade the head of advertising to try to market the tissue for colds and hay fever. The administrator declined the idea but then committed a small amount of ad space to mention of using Kleenex tissue as a handkerchief. By the 1930s, Kleenex was being marketed with the slogan “Don’t Carry a Cold in Your Pocket” and its use as a disposable handkerchief replacement became predominant. [2] In 1943, Kleenex began licensing the Little Lulu cartoon character to popularize the brand. [3]An older, retouched version of the Kleenex logo, circa 2010Kleenex Trademark [ edit]Original 1925 Kleenex trademark The original Kleenex trademark application at the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) was filed in the class of Medical, Beauty, & Agricultural Services by Cellucotton Products Company of Neenah, Wisconsin, on Saturday, July 12, 1924. The description provided to the USPTO was "absorbent pads or sheets for removing cold cream". The first use for the drawing and stylized word mark was on June 12, 1924, and its first use in commerce on June 12, 1924, as well. USPTO granted trademark registration on November 25, 1924. International Cellucotton Products Company officially assigned trademark interest and good will of the business to Kimberly-Clark Corporation on September 30, 1955. Kimberly-Clark Corporation of Neenah, Wisconsin is the current registered owner of the Kleenex trademark. [4]In the USA, the Kleenex name has become—in common usage but not in law— genericized: the popularity of the product has led to the use of its name to refer to any facial tissue, regardless of the brand. Many dictionaries, including Merriam-Webster and Oxford, now include definitions in their publications defining it as such. [5] [6]See also [ edit]Man of Steel, Woman of Kleenex References [ edit]^ "Toilet Paper History – Complete Historical Timeline". The Complete History of Toilet Paper, Unabridged: "In 1924. Kleenex is introduced by Cellucotton and first marketed to women as a disposable towel to use when removing cold cream. "^ Kleenex history "Kleenex Brand Story" Check |url= value ( help). Kleenex.com. Retrieved 2010-06-26.^ "Marge and Lulu: The Art of the Deal," Jennifer Gotwals, Hogan's Alley #15, 2007^ "United States Patent and Trademark Office, registration #s 0019194;0022859;0029753;0038458;0408618". 1924-06-12. Retrieved 2010-06-25.^ "Kleenex". Retrieved April 9, 2018.^ "Kleenex". Retrieved April 9, 2018. External links [ edit]Wikimedia Commons has media related to Kleenex. Kleenex.com Kleenex Australia Kleenex History Timeline Gallery of vintage graphic design featuring Kl
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Northern Lights In this period of time, no Northern Lights can be observed. In the most intense Northern Lights area (notably Alaska, Iceland, Northern Scandinavia and Yukon), the lights are observed from late August to mid April. However, from late September to late March, it is dark after 6pm, and one enjoys maximum chances.
Kidney Infection (Pyelonephritis) Symptoms, Signs, Causes, Treatment Kidney infection definition and facts Kidney infection is one of a number of infections that can involve the urinary tract. Infection of the kidney is very common, especially in young females. Causes of kidney infection are bacteria that have gained entry to the urinary tract, usually via the anus or vagina. Risk factors for kidney infection are pregnancy, sexual intercourse, a history of urinary tract infection, spermicide use, kidney stones, use of urinary catheters, diabetes, and surgery or instrumentation of the urinary tract. Kidney infections are not contagious. Symptoms of kidney infection arefever,chills,abdominal pain,nausea,vomiting,painful urination, anda need to urinate frequently. Treatment of kidney infection involves oral or intravenous antibiotics. Kidney infections can sometimes be prevented by drinking plenty of fluids, changing urinary catheters frequently, good hygiene practices, and taking preventive antibiotics in certain people at high risk. If treated early and adequately, kidney infection generally has a good outcome. Quick Guide What's Causing Your Abdominal Pain? Kidney Infection Symptoms Some of the general symptoms of urinary infection can accompany kidney infection likepain on urination (dysuria),needing to urinate frequently (urinary frequency), andfeeling a strong urge to urinate (urinary urgency). Other symptoms that may accompany kidney infection areshaking,chills,abdominal pain,nausea and vomiting. Read more about symptoms of a kidney infection »What is the function of the kidneys? The kidneys have a variety of important functions in the body. These functions include filtering and excreting the waste products from the blood as it circulates through capillaries within the kidneys, regulating blood pressure, maintaining steady levels of electrolytes (for example, calcium, phosphorus, sodium, potassium, and chloride), and contributing to the production of red blood cells. Where are the kidneys located? The kidneys are located on either side of the body underneath the diaphragm near the lower back. Each kidney is connected to the bladder in the pelvis by ureters (long tube-like structures) that drain the urine from the kidneys to the bladder. Urine stored in the bladder is excreted from the body through the urethra. Collectively, these structures make up what is called the urinary tract. From Tips to Better Manage Your Migraine Start Now What is a kidney infection? Is it the same as a urinary tract infection? The main components of the urinary tract system are kidneys, ureters, bladder, and urethra. Any part of the urinary system may become infected and this is generally referred to as urinary tract infection ( UTI ). When a kidney becomes infected, the condition is medically referred to as pyelonephritis. Thus, kidney infection is only one of several types of infections encompassed by the term UTI. The spectrum of UTIs includes: Acute uncomplicated cystitis ( bladder infection)Recurrent cystitis Complicated UTIProstatitis (prostate infection)Kidney infection (pyelonephritis)Catheter-associated UTI (in individuals with indwelling urinary catheters)A more general classification of urinary tract infection includes: Lower urinary tract infection involves the urethra, the bladder, and, in men, the prostate gland. Upper urinary tract infection refers to infection of the kidneys. Take the UTI Quiz Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Slideshow Pictures Urinary Incontinence in Women Slideshow Pictures What are the signs and symptoms of kidney infection? Readers Comments 72 Share Your Story Some of the common symptoms of kidney infection include:fever,nausea,vomiting,abdominal pain,shivering,shaking -- chills,painful urination ( dysuria ),frequent urination (urinary frequency),urge to urinate ( urinary urgency ),flank and low and mid back pain (dull kidney pain ), andgeneralized malaise. Signs of kidney infection on exam may include:fever,tenderness on the flanks (costo-vertebral angle tenderness, referring to tenderness upon tapping gen
You can do it with full fair tickets, I'm pretty sure discounted ticktets are non-transferable because they dont wan't a secondary black market on ebay or someything along those lines
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
Duple Meter Metronome Improve Your Rhythm - Practice Tips Home Duple Meter Metronome This metronome produces a high click on the downbeat, followed by a low click on beat two. It is useful for practicing music in 2/4, 2/8, 2/2 (cut time), or 6/8 when it is a compound meter and the dotted quarter note equals one beat. An alternative to using this metronome is to use the talking metronome in duple meter. The talking Metronome Bots are helpful if you have difficulty hearing the clicking beat clearly. Metronomes in other meters: Meter metronome in three Meter metronome in four Practice tips for how to use a metronome. This metronome requires Flash Player. If you do not see the metronome or if it does not function properly, update to the most recent version of Flash at Adobe.com. If you are using an i Phone, i Pad, or other device that cannot operate Flash applications, try the click track Metronome Bot. Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player. 
LPGA Tour vs. PGA Tour Stat Comparison Driving Distance (Tour Leader) 316.3 282.0. Driving Distance (10th best) 303.2 267.0. Driving Distance (100th best) 287.5 249.0. In 2012 the average length of LPGA Tour course is 6550 yards. For the PGA Tour, the most recent info in course length I could find is from 2009, and it was 7251 yards then.
When you spin around on a tire swing, you feel a force pushing you outward. This is called centrifugal force, and it results from the fact that your body wants to move in a straight line, rather than in the circular path of the tire swing. On the surface of the earth, the force of gravity we experience is much greater than the centrifugal force. So you can't really "feel the earth spinning" because it gets drowned out by gravity.
Free Bluebird House Plans for Eastern, Western & Mountain Bluebirds The most important element is getting the entrance hole size correct, especially to eliminate larger pest birds such as starlings from using the box. For a round entrance hole, eastern bluebird boxes should be 1 1/2 inches in diameter and 1 9/16 inches for mountain and western bluebirds. Eastern bluebird houses can also have a 1 3/8 x 2 1/4 inch vertical oval hole or a 1 1/8 inch horizontal sparrow-resistant slot entrance at the top front of the box.
This reddit needs a name change... I went looking for a backpacking reddit, and didn't find one.  So I created one.  Then I found out there was a backpacking reddit only it was titled "world travel." 

I don't "world travel."  Most people dont.  I "backpack," and go "backpacking."

I would bet that this place would be a lot more busy if it was named properly.
Tom Quad Tom Quad The Great Quadrangle, more popularly known as Tom Quad, is one of the quadrangles of Christ Church, Oxford, England. It is the largest college quad in Oxford, measuring 264 by 261 feet. Although it was begun by Cardinal Wolsey, he was unable to complete it. Wolsey planned that it would actually be a cloister, and the supports required for this can be seen at short intervals around the quadrangle. The quad was finished when John Fell was Dean. The funds for the building of Tom Quad were found from the suppression of three Norbertine abbeys. It is dominated
Pure Substances and Mixtures Pure Substances and Mixtures Key Concepts A pure substance:cannot be separated into 2 or more substances by physical or mechanical meansis homogeneous, ie, has uniform composition throughout the whole sampleits properties are constant throughout the whole sampleits properties do not depend on how it is prepared or purifiedhas constant chemical composition A mixture:can be separated into 2 or more substances by physical or mechanical meansdisplays the properties of the pure substances making it upits composition can be varied by changing the proportion of pure substances making it upheterogeneous substances, ones with non-uniform composition throughout the sample, are always mixtures Pure Substances Elements and compounds are both examples of pure substances. Pure substances cannot be separated into simpler substances by physical or mechanical means such as sifting, filtering, crystallization, distillation, etc. eg, distilling pure water (H 2 O) does not separate water into hydrogen and oxygen, it only produces water vapour. Pure substances display a sharp melting and boiling point. On a graph of temperature vs time, this is shown as flat line where the temperature does not change over time until all the pure substance has melted or boiled. Pure substances will have a constant appearance, colour and density throughout the sample. Pure substances have constant chemical composition, eg,pure water (H 2 O) is always composed of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom chemically bonded.pure gold (Au) is only made up of gold atoms More tutorials!Games to play!Test questions with worked solutions!Exam questions with worked solutions!Drill questions with worked solutions!Mixtures Some examples of mixtures are given below: Type of Mixture Examplegas in gas The atmosphere is a mixture of gases, mostly nitrogen and oxygen.liquid in liquid Wine is a mixture of mostly ethanol and water.solid in solid Alloys, such as brass, are made up of a mixture of metals.gas in liquid Soft drinks, such as cola, are mixtures of mainly carbon dioxide gas and water.solid in liquid Sea Water is a mixture of salts dissolved in water.solid in gas Smoke is mixture of tiny solid particles in atmospheric gases. Homogeneous mixtures do not display a sharp melting point, they melt over a range of temperatures. Sharpness of the melting point is often used to determine whether a substance is pure or impure (mixture). On a temperature vs time graph there is no flat line during which the temperature remains constant over time. Instead, there will be a slope indicating that the components of the mixture are melting. Mixtures can be separated into the pure substances making them up by physical or mechanical means because each pure substance retains its own properties. Some methods for separating the components of a mixture include:separation technique property used for separation example Sifting (sieving) particle size alluvial gold is separating from smaller soil particles using a sieve Visual Sorting colour, shape or size gold nuggets can be separated from crushed rock on the basis of colour Magnetic Attraction magnestism magnetic iron can be separated from non-magnetic sulfur using a magnet Decanting density or solubility liquid water can be poured off (decanted) insoluble sand sediment less dense oil can be poured off (decanted) more dense water Separating Funnel density of liquids in a separating funnel, less dense oil floats on top of more dense water, when the valve is open the water can be poured out from under the oil Filtration solubility insoluble calcium carbonate can be separated from soluble sodium chloride in water by filtration Evaporation solubility and boiling point soluble sodium chloride can be separated from water by evaporation Crystallization solubility slightly soluble copper sulfate can be separated from water by crystallization Distillation boiling point ethanol (ethyl alcohol) can be separated from water by distillation because ethanol has a lower boiling point than water Quick Question Question 1Which of these is 
What is 'Scarcity' Error loading player: Flash plugin failed to load What is 'Scarcity'Scarcity refers to the basic economic problem, the gap between limited – that is, scarce – resources and theoretically limitless wants. This situation requires people to make decisions about how to allocate resources efficiently, in order to satisfy basic needs and as many additional wants at possible. Any resource that has a non-zero cost to consume is scarce to some degree, but what matters in practice is relative scarcity. Scarcity is also referred to as "paucity. "Next Up Scarcity Principle Resource Curse Natural Capital IRS Publication 910 -BREAKING DOWN 'Scarcity'In his 1932 Essay on the Nature and Significance of Economic Science, British economist Lionel Robbins defined the discipline in terms of scarcity: Economics is the science which studies human behaviour as a relationship between ends and scarce means which have alternative uses. In a hypothetical world in which every resource—water, hand soap, expert translations of Hittite inscriptions, enriched uranium, organic bok choy, time—was abundant, economists would have nothing to study. There would be no need to make decisions about how to allocate resources, and no tradeoffs to explore and quantify. In the real world, on the other hand, everything costs something; in other words, every resource is to some degree scarce. Money and time are quintessentially scarce resources. Most people have too little of one, the other, or both. An unemployed person may have an abundance of time, but find it hard to pay rent. A hotshot executive, on the other hand, may be financially capable of retiring on a whim, yet be forced to eat ten minute lunches and sleep four hours a night. A third category has little time or money. People with abundant money and abundant time are seldom observed in the wild. The Concept of Natural Resource Scarcity Even resources considered infinitely abundant, and which are free in dollar terms, are scarce in some sense. Take air, for example. From an individual's perspective, breathing is completely free. Yet there are a number of costs associated with the activity. It requires breathable air, which has become increasingly difficult to take for granted since the industrial revolution. In a number of cities today, poor air quality has been associated with high rates of disease and death. In order to avoid these costly affairs and assure that citizens can breathe safely, governments must invest in methods of power generation that do not create harmful emissions. These may be more expensive than dirtier methods, but even if they are not, they require massive capital expenditures. These costs fall on the citizens in one way or another. Breathing freely, in other words, is not free. If a government decides to allocate resources to making the air clean enough to breathe, a number of questions arise. What methods exist to improve air quality? Which are the most effective in the short term, medium term and long term? What about cost effectiveness? What should the balance between th? What tradeoffs come with various courses of action? Where should the money come from? Should the government raise taxes, and if so, on what and for whom? Will the government borrow? Will it print money? How will the government keep track of its costs, debts and the benefits that accrue from the project (ie, accounting)? Pretty soon, the scarcity of clean air (the fact that clean air has a non-zero cost) brings up a vast array of questions about how to efficiently allocate resources. Scarcity is the basic problem that gives rise to economics. 
Uranium metal heated to 250 to 300 °C (482 to 572 °F) reacts with hydrogen to form uranium hydride. Even higher temperatures will reversibly remove the hydrogen. This property makes uranium hydrides convenient starting materials to create reactive uranium powder along with various uranium carbide, nitride, and halide compounds. Two crystal modifications of uranium hydride exist: an α form that is obtained at low temperatures and a β form that is created when the formation temperature is above 250 °C.
All the other movies are "outdated" too, so everyone ends up on a level playing field. Just like with videogames. And yes, this means that if your schedule takes longer than usual, you'll be behind the curve. This is what stalled Duke Nukem Forever. I think the effect is somewhat lessened in movies where there's a greater focus on story rather than technical animation.
You can only see light that directly enters your eye. The beam of the laser isn't pointed at you, so none of the photons are hitting your retina. The dot, however, is a results of photons from the beam reflecting/scattering off of some object, and many of them scatter in your direction and hit your retina, which is why you see it. For certain wavelengths of lasers (e.g. green) the beam will scatter off particles in the air and hit your retina, which is why the beam is visible. But for a red laser, the wavelength is too long for it to scatter much in the atmosphere.
Why are pain killers FDA approved yet kill more than 700,000 people annually?
How to Obtain Your Driving Record Individual Requests: You may request of copy of your own driving record with DMV Online Services, in person at any branch office of the DMV, or by mail by providing the following: Completed Driving Record Request (DMV-101-PS1) form. A copy of your driver's license or state-issued photo identification. A $5.00 processing fee if you provide your name and driver’s license number or. A $6.00 processing fee if you do not have your driver’s license number (Must include DOB and/or Social Security Number) Add $1.00 for certification of the record. Please clearly indicate where the driving record is to be mailed.
Dramatic Monologue: Definition & Examples Definition. A dramatic monologue is a long excerpt in a play, poem or story that reveals a character's thoughts and feelings. When we read a story, sometimes we can see what a character is thinking, but it isn't always so clear.
- Ferrets are playful, active, curious and loving. They make wonderful pets, but before you fall in love with one at a pet store or rush off to get one after talking to a delighted ferret owner, there are a few things that you must consider. Time. Ferrets make excellent pets for people who have the time for them, and who bond well with animals.
UniFirst Leadership Uni First Leadership Steven S. Sintros President and CEO Mr. Sintros, Uni First President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), joined the Company in 2004, first serving as Finance Manager and Corporate Controller, then Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) before being promoted to his current position in 2017. Prior to joining Uni First, Mr. Sintros worked as an Audit Manager at Ernst & Young and at Arthur Andersen before that. Cynthia Croatti Executive Vice President Ms. Croatti joined Uni First Corporation in 1980 as the Assistant Treasurer and has served as Treasurer since 1982. She became a Director in 1995 and was named the Company's Executive Vice President in 2001. Additionally, Ms. Croatti has primary responsibility of and oversees the Human Resources and Purchasing functions of Uni First. Shane F. O'Connor Senior Vice President and CFO Mr. O'Connor is the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Uni First Corporation, having accepted the position in 2018. He had been with the Company from 2005 to 2016, serving as Uni First's Finance Manager and then Corporate Controller, before leaving for a year to become the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Unidine Corporation, a national dining management services organization. Prior to joining Uni First in 2005, Mr. O'Connor worked as an Audit Manager at Ernst & Young. He is responsible for all financial functions of Uni First, as well as its Information Systems department. David A. Di Fillippo Senior Vice President, Operations Mr. Di Fillippo became Senior Vice President of Operations for Uni First Corporation in 2002. He joined the Company in 1979, starting out as a Service Manager, was promoted to General Manager in 1984, and to Regional Vice President for the Central Region in 1986. Mr. Di Fillippo oversees specified laundry regions in the U. S. and Canada, as well as Product Management. Michael A. Croatti Senior Vice President, Operations Mr. Croatti became Senior Vice President of Service and Operations for Uni First Corporation in 2012. He joined the Company in 1987 and was mentored by his father, Uni First Chairman, President, and CEO Ronald Croatti. He held many positions in production, service, and sales before being promoted to Branch Manager in 1995, General Manager in 1998, and Regional Vice President in 2002. Mr. Croatti oversees specified laundry regions in the U. S., as well as the Company's overall Service Operations. Bill M. Ross Senior Vice President, Operations Mr. Ross became Senior Vice President of Operations for Uni First Corporation in 2016. He joined the company in 1990 and held several sales and operations management positions before being promoted to Regional Vice President in 2002. Mr. Ross oversees specified laundry regions in the East, Midwest, and Southeast U. S. David M. Katz Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing Mr. Katz joined Uni First Corporation as Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing in 2009. He has primary responsibility of and oversees the Sales and Marketing functions of the Company. Prior to joining Uni First, Mr. Katz worked for DHL Express, where he served as the Northeast Vice President of Field Sales, the Northeast Vice President of National Account Sales, and Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Northeast Region. 
Two of alcohol's most prominent side effects are decreased inhibition and impaired judgement. Basically, you don't care about the consequences as much, and might even think it's a good idea. TL;DR: Alcohol makes it easier to make bad decisions.
Sharpening is basically scraping off material until it resembles the shape you want (in this case, a thin edge). To start sharpening, a large grit is used, which translates to very deep "trenches" and irregularities in the resulting material, these are refined with finer grits to even these trenches (scratches) out. Doing this progressively leads to a smoother finish which approximates the shape you want (again, a low angle straight edge).
My understanding is they keep a map of places where someone has hit a deer, dead deer are seen by the roadside, they note natural deer corridors, etc. They plot them on a map, highlight the densest areas, and that's how they get their measurements.  If it says 4.2mi instead of 4.5mi, presumably they don't tend to find many deer accidents past 4.3mi so they mostly want you to focus on the major hotspot instead of just saying "everywhere".
Ruth Wilson Ruth Wilson (born 13 January 1982) is an English actress. She is known for her performances in "Suburban Shootout" (2005), "Jane Eyre" (2006), and as Alice Morgan in the BBC TV psychological crime drama "Luther" since 2010. Her film credits include: "Anna Karenina" (2012), "The Lone Ranger" (2013), "Saving Mr. Banks" (2013), "Suite Française" (2015), "Locke", and "I Am the Pretty Thing That Lives in the House" (2016). In 2014, she began starring in the Showtime series "The Affair".
Dusklight Sarracenia Dusklight Sarracenias are plants found only in Grineer Shipyards. They grow around the pools of toxic waste unique to that tileset. Each plant yields a Dusklight Sarracenia extract when scanned.
How to Cook Brisket Beef brisket is a cut from the breast section of the animal. It is usually sold boneless. Because brisket is a tough cut of meat, it's best when braised (that is, simmered in a small amount of liquid), either in the oven, the slow cooker, or on the stove top. Two different cuts of brisket are available.
Speech and Language Delay and Disorder 1 Speech and language problems are often the earliest sign of a learning disability. 2  Find out more about language-based learning disabilities. 3  Hearing loss is often overlooked, and easily identified. 4  If your child is speech/language delayed, their hearing should be tested.
This comment is toxic.
Part of Marital Arts is the discipline it instils in its students, for their own safety. Similar to say the armed forces. Goofing around or not listening could result in someone getting seriously hurt.
Austria Austria is located in the central Europe in the world map. Austria, is a landlocked country and is bordered by Germany and the Czech Republic to the north, Slovakia and Hungary to the east, Slovenia and Italy to the south, and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west.
Retailers, sporting goods makers, and other businesses benefit from extra afternoon sunlight, as it induces customers to shop and to participate in outdoor afternoon sports. In 1984, Fortune magazine estimated that a seven-week extension of DST would yield an additional $30 million for 7-Eleven stores, and the National Golf Foundation estimated the extension would increase golf industry revenues $200 million to $300 million. A 1999 study estimated that DST increases the revenue of the European Union's leisure sector by about 3%.
Why don't satellites crash into each other?
Duet Display Duet Display allows you to use your iPad or iPhone as an extra display. Developed by a team of ex-Apple engineers, duet is the first high performance solution that has zero lag. Work more effectively with duet. An additional display can increase productivity for engineers, musicians, designers, and artists by up to 48%.
Wind doesn’t make the air itself colder. Rather, moving air transfers heat away from the surface of your skin (or clothes, or whatever is in contact with the moving air) at a faster rate than stagnant air. Your body only senses the rate of heat being transferred away, so moving air of one temperature will feel like stagnant air of a lower temperature.
Die Hard Die Hard is a 1988 American action film directed by John McTiernan and written by Steven E. de Souza and Jeb Stuart.
FTM Top Surgery Post-Op Care You will need to stay in the Madison area for 1 week after surgery. During that week, you will have a post-operative follow-up appointment with Dr. King to assess your healing progress. Recovery time from FTM Top Surgery is approximately 2 weeks. This will vary patient to patient, and can be influenced by the type of Top Surgery you have. For example, recovery from Double Incision can take a little longer than recovery from Keyhole Top Surgery.
. MN DOT Number Call us at (765) 742-2610 for a MN DOT Number, DOT Minnesota, MN DOT, and State of MN DOT Numbers A Minnesota DOT Number: You are not required to register for a MN DOT Number ( MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota) for a vehicle with a Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) of 10,000-lbs and under. When you look on the doorframe of your vehicle, you should see a chrome tag with the letters GVWR and a number. This is the maximum weight the vehicle is designed to weigh. You are required to register for a MN DOT Number ( MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota) on a vehicle used in your business on a commercial basis such as a pickup truck, a van, a truck or a vehicle pulling a trailer where the Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) is 10,001-lbs or more, or the Gross Combined Vehicle Weight Ratings (GCWR) of both the power unit and the trailer is 10,001-lbs or more, when the vehicle or vehicles remain in the state. We will register you with Minnesota for a MN DOT Number ( MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota) for your business operation. If the truck is plated above 26,000-lbs, or the truck and trailer combination / semi-tractor and trailer loaded weights are more than 26,000-lbs, you will be required to register for the state fuel tax. Click on the state fuel tax phone number down the left side of this page. When you cross state lines with a commercial vehicle with a GVWR of 10,001-lbs or more, or a commercial vehicle and trailer with a GCWR of 10,001-lbs or more, a USDOT number is required. Call us to get either a MN DOT Number ( MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota) or a USDOT number to cross state lines. When you cross state lines and your truck is plated above 26,000-lbs, or your truck and trailer combination weigh more than 26,000-lbs loaded, or your semi-tractor and trailer weigh more than 26,000-lbs loaded, you will be required to register with the state for IFTA fuel tax. If your vehicle or power unit and trailer gross more than 26,000-lbs crossing state lines, read more about crossing state lines below. Again the reference is to a MN DOT Number, DOT MN, MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota.. Minnesota Intra-State Motor Carrier Authority: If you carry loads for delivery in your van, truck, truck and trailer or semi-tractor and trailer inside the state of Minnesota - these loads are picked up and delivered in Minnesota without crossing state lines, you may need to register for Minnesota Intra-State Motor Carrier Authority. This is also refered to as a MN DOT Number, MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota. Private Carrier with Gross Weight / Combined Gross Weights up to 26,000-lbs: If you are a Private Carrier hauling your own products inside the state of Minnesota without crossing state lines in a van, truck, truck and trailer or semi-tractor and trailer and the loaded weight of either the vehicle or vehicle and trailer combination is 26,000-lbs or under, you are not required to register for a MN DOT Number ( MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota) or USDOT number. As a Private Carrier, you will also not be required to register for Minnesota Intra-State Motor Carrier Authority at these weights, but compliance with financial responsibility is required (you are required to carry Personal Injury / Property Damage liability insurance). Private Carrier with a Gross Weight / Combined Gross weights 26,001-lbs and above: If you are a Private Carrier hauling your own products inside the state of Minnesota without crossing state lines in a van, truck, truck and trailer or semi-tractor and trailer and the loaded weight of either the vehicle or vehicle and trailer combination is 26,001-lbs or greater, you are required to register for a MN DOT Number (also known as MN DOT, State of MN DOT Numbers, DOT Minnesota ). As a Private Carrier, you will not need to register for Minnesota Intra-State Motor Carrier Authority, but compliance with financial responsibility is required (you are required to carry Personal Injury / Property Damage liability insurance). If t
Bible Inconsistencies - Bible Contradictions? David was thirty years old when he became king, and he reigned forty years. David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in all. David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years. David was thirty years old when he became king, and he reigned forty years. David was thirty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned forty years. David was 30 years old when he began his reign; he reigned 40 years. David began to reign when he was 30 years old, and he reigned 40 years.
Flail Chest Flail Chest. Flail chest describes a situation in which a portion of the rib cage is separated from the rest of the chest wall, usually due to a severe blunt trauma, such as a serious fall or a car accident.lail chest is almost always linked to severe blunt trauma, such as a serious fall or car accident, in terms of cause. But it can develop as a result of less severe impacts.
Securities market The primary market is that part of the capital markets that deals with the issue of new securities. Companies, governments or public sector institutions can obtain funding through the sale of a new stock or bond issue. This is typically done through a syndicate of securities dealers.
MODEM PROBLEM: "No Dialtone"
- Kris Kristofferson released this in 1970 on his first album, Kristofferson. A year later, when it became a hit for Joplin, Kristofferson's album was re-released as Me And Bobby McGee to take advantage of the song's new popularity. This was released after Joplin died of a heroin overdose. Her death gave the album a lot of attention, and Pearl went to #1.
List of Legume Foods The most common varieties of legumes are beans. These include adzuki beans, black beans, soybeans, anasazi beans, fava beans, garbanzo beans (chickpeas), kidney beans and lima beans.These foods are high in protein and carbohydrates but low in fat.egumes are great sources of fat, protein and carbohydrates. Different varieties contain varying amounts of these nutrients, with beans, nuts, peas and lentils all having unique nutritional profiles.
How long does it take for food to fully digest through your body system? Large chunks of meat could stay in your stomach for 2 or 3 days, where plant based food usually is gone in a number of hours. If you need to get cleaned out for a colonoscopy, they put you on a liquid diet for 3 days to get all of the solids out of your system. know that if you go for a barium meal/stomach examination, you are told to fast for 12 hours before-your stomach should be empty after 12 hours. If not then that indicates a problem. The time for the food to get through your bowels, I'm not too sure.
Apple RGB Monitor vs Apple 12" Color Monitor
How a stroke affects the brain and body How a stroke affects the brain and body The brain is the control centre for the body and everything we do. Different parts of the brain control different parts of the body. The brain is divided into two halves. One side of the brain controls the opposite side of the body. For example, the left side of the brain controls the right side of the body. The brain not only controls movement and sensation but also controls how we think, feel and communicate. The two sides have slightly different functions. For most people this is how the functions are divided Left Right Movement Movement Vision Vision Hearing Hearing Emotions Emotions Personality Personality Understanding Music Talking Art Spelling Mathematics Reading How the body is affected by a stroke depends on how much brain tissue has been damaged and where that damage occurs. A stroke is sudden and its effects are felt immediately. Stroke causes some brain tissue to die. A stroke can be anywhere in the brain and can be very small or very big. The site and size of the damage will determine what functions are affected and to what extent. 
Stops Intertrigo Itch, Redness & Inflammation. Calms Rash & Irritation. 70 Customer Reviews (Click to read)Patented Activated Minerals technology delivers soothing relief deep into irritated skin Relieves persistent itch, rash, inflammation & redness Repairs raw, cracked skin Safe & all-natural therapeutic ingredients Steroid-free formulation Buy Now Relieving Symptoms How it Works Money-Back Guarantee Customer Reviews Soothing Relieffor Intense Itch, Redness & Inflammation What is Intertrigo? Intertrigo is a common inflammatory rash that shows up between the skin folds. This type of rash generally appears in areas prone to friction, excessive moisture, and a lack of air circulation. This includes, but not limited to: Abdomen Armpits Beneath the breast Between toes Genital Area Groin Inner thighs Signs and symptoms include: Red or reddish-brown rash Itchiness Oozing skin Rawness Foul odor Cracked and/or crusty skin Sores Keep in mind that the symptoms of intertrigo will depend on the location and severity of the rash. Read More What causes Intertrigo? An individual is nost likely to get this type of infection if skin folds are warm and moist. There are a number of factors that can cause and worsen intertrigo. These include: Heat Friction Moisture Lack of air circulation This condition is more likely to appear in the presence of obesity, diabetes, chafing, poor hygiene, malnutrition, and hot, humid weather. To avoid intertrigo, bathe frequently and choose loose clothing made from natural, breathable fabrics. Maintaining a healthy body weight and keeping skin dry is also recommended. Read More Terrasil is Fast-Acting Terrasil is meticulously formulated to relieve your skin quickly. As soon as you apply Terrasil onto your affected skin, the all-natural ointment penetrates deep to provide pain and itch relief where you need it most - on rashy, inflamed and irritated skin. Terrasil ointment also moisturizes dry, cracked skin and temporarily alleviates your bothersome intertrigo symptoms. Our patented technology targets the source of itch and rash to help speed relief. The powerful, all-natural ingredients found in Terrasil quickly nourish your skin to relieve uncomfortable itch, rash and irritation. Terrasil is Soothing & Gentle, Yet Powerful: No Steroids Soothing Terrasil does not rely on harsh steroids to help relieve your skin. Topical steroids can make skin more susceptible to infection or cause thinning, tearing and allergic reaction. When the goal is relief from bothersome symptoms, you do not want to risk irritating your skin further. Steroid-free Terrasil has no reported side effects. We are proud to offer you an all-natural formulation that is gentle on your skin, but provides powerful relief. Terrasil Helps Relieve Irritated Skin with All-Natural Ingredients Terrasil is an FDA-registered ointment that’s packed with the nourishing ingredients your skin needs for rapid relief. We include high-quality and powerful ingredients that are natural and organic. Our active ingredient is FDA-approved for temporary protection and relief of pain and intense itching associated with intertrigo. Terrasil is completely free of parabens, dyes, fragrances or potentially harmful preservatives. The soothing ointment does not include any animal products, aside from deep-moisturizing and ethically produced organic beeswax. Patented Activated Minerals ® Target Rash to Speed Itching Relief Activated Minerals Speed Delivery of Pain-Relieving Ingredient Activated Minerals Cling to Negatively-Charged Microbes for Fast Relief Negatively-charged microbes surround the itchy rash affecting your skin. Terrasil’s patented Activated Minerals are a positively-charged blend of ingredients that target these negative microbes to help provide fast relief. Activated Minerals technology speeds the delivery of our FDA-approved active ingredient to the irritated skin. The sooner Terrasil is absorbed into the infected skin, the sooner the relief process can begin. This is why customers worldwide experience fast relief with Terrasil! **A Powerful, Itch-Relievin
Iron Fist (season 2) "Black Panther". Each episode in the season is named after a comics issue that Rand has appeared in. The season was released on September 7, 2018, and consists of ten episodes. The season received mixed reviews from critics, but was considered a major improvement over the previous season. Netflix canceled the series on October 12, 2018. <onlyinclude> </onlyinclude> In January 2015, Netflix CCO Ted Sarandos stated the series was "eligible to go into multiple seasons for sure" and Netflix would look at "how well [they] are addressing both the Marvel fanbase but also the broader fanbase" in terms of determining
Capital District, New York The Capital District, also known as the Capital Region, refers to the metropolitan area surrounding Albany, the capital of the U.S. state of New York. With a population of 1,170,483 (2013), the Capital District is the fourth largest metropolitan region in the state and the 45th largest in the country. Companies that have headquarters in Albany include CommerceHub and the Environment One Corporation. In the 21st century, the Capital District has emerged as a major anchor of Tech Valley, the moniker describing the technologically-focused region of eastern New York State. The Capital District was first settled by the Dutch in the early 17th century and came under British control in 1664. Albany has been the permanent capital of the state of New York since 1797. The Capital District is notable for many historical events that predate the independence of the United States, including the Albany Plan of Union and The Battles of Saratoga.
. 
What Is a Determiner? A determiner is used to show that the noun indicated is a specific one (that one), not an unspecific one (any). In the midst of all the nouns, pronouns, adjectives and articles a student is expected to learn, the determiner is often left by the wayside, untaught or taught incorrectly. The determiner is an important noun modifier which provides introduces and provides context to a noun, often in terms of quantity and possession. Determiners in English precede a noun or noun phrase and include articles, demonstratives, quantifiers and possessives.
Tigre, Buenos Aires Tigre (Spanish pronunciation: , Tiger) is a town in the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, situated in the north of Greater Buenos Aires, 28 km (17 mi) north of Buenos Aires city. Tigre lies on the Paraná Delta and is a tourist and weekend destination, reachable by bus and train services, including the scenic Tren de la Costa.
Shark Tale Shark Tale is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy-drama film produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Vicky Jenson, Bibo Bergeron and Rob Letterman. The first computer-animated film by DreamWorks Animation to be produced at the Glendale studio, the film stars Will Smith, Robert De Niro, Renée Zellweger, Angelina Jolie, Jack Black, and Martin Scorsese. Other voices were provided by Ziggy Marley, Doug E. Doug, Michael Imperioli, Vincent Pastore and Peter Falk. It tells the story of a fish named Oscar (Smith) who falsely claims to have killed the son of a shark mob boss (De Niro) to advance his own community standing.
What is the Stress Response? If the situation is judged as being stressful, the HYPOTHALAMUS (at the base of the brain) is activated. The hypothalamus in the brain is in charge of the stress response. When a stress response is triggered, it sends signals to two other structures: the pituitary gland, and the adrenal medulla. These short term responses are produced by The Fight or Flight Response via the Sympathomedullary Pathway (SAM).
How a company shares or divides its stocks to NSE and BSE? Or NSE and BSE are just pointers to companies total stocks?
Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery in Comanche County OK Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery - Cultural Feature (Cemetery) in Comanche County Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery is a cultural feature (cemetery) in Comanche County. The primary coordinates for Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery places it within the OK 73552 ZIP Code delivery area. In the Maps and Aerial Photos section below, you'll find links to: (1) Local area photos around Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery, (2) A listing of the nearest hotels to Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery and (3) Driving Directions to Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery from almost anywhere. The location of Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery is marked on an interactive map. The map can be searched by either business name or business category. Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery - Maps, Driving Directions & Local Area Information Popular Local Resources Local Area Photos Hotels Near Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery Local Jobs & Employment Nearby Cities Nearby Neighborhoods Nearby Features Feature Name: Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery Category: Oklahoma physical, cultural and historic features Feature Type: Cultural Class: Cemetery County: Comanche County Latitude: 34.5806382Longitude: -98.7568413GNIS ID: 1094070| Genealogy Resources Locating Oklahoma Cemetery Records Photos of the local Comanche County area Neighborhood Data Address Based Hyperlocal Data Input an address and get data & demographics for the pertinent census block group (CBG), a searchable map and a customized directory. The CBG is the smallest geographical unit used by the Census Bureau for reporting certain data. Indiahoma IOOF Cemetery - Maps & Aerial Photos Terms of Use Map1 km Search the map for: BIG Map | Driving Directions | Data Source - USGS GNIS ID: 1094070Nearby Cities, Towns & CDPs Indiahoma, OK (2.7 miles N) Cache, OK (8.1 miles ENE) Chattanooga, OK (12.3 miles SSE) Snyder, OK (12.3 miles WNW) Faxon, OK (13.3 miles SE) Mountain Park, OK (13.6 miles NW) Manitou, OK (13.9 miles WSW) Hollister, OK (17.7 miles SSW) Medicine Park, OK (17.7 miles NE) Loveland, OK (19.1 miles S)Other Small Populated Places Odetta, OK (7.6 miles NW) Indiahoma Wye, OK (8.4 miles NNE) Cache Wye, OK (11.5 miles NE) Taupa, OK (14.2 miles E) Svoboda, OK (14.5 miles NW) The Holy City, OK (14.7 miles NE) Lige, OK (15.8 miles WNW) Meers, OK (17.3 miles NE) Duhringe Pass, OK (18.4 miles NE) Lawtonka Acres, OK (18.8 miles NE)Oklahoma Research Tools Evaluate Demographic Data Cities, ZIP Codes, & Neighborhoods Quick & Easy Methods! Research Neighborhoods Home Values, School Zones & Diversity Instant Data Access!Review Boundary Maps Cities, Towns & Schools Authoritative Data Sources! Rank Cities, Towns & ZIP Codes by Population, Income & Diversity Sorted by Highest or Lowest!Maps & Driving Directions to Physical, Cultural & Historic Features Get Information Now!! Research Public Schools School Zone Maps, Students/Teachers Get Information Now!Oklahoma Census Data Comparison Tool Compare Oklahoma Census Data Data: Population Population Density Diversity Index Average Household Income Per Capita Income Locations: Cites & Towns Counties ZIP Codes Highest or Lowest: Show Highest Values Show Lowest Values Results: Show 20 Results Show 200 Results 
Madill Madill is a city in Marshall County, Oklahoma, United States. The city was founded in 1901 and is named for George Alexander Madill, an attorney for the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway, popularly known as the Frisco. The 2009 population estimate was 3,781. It is the county seat of Marshall County.
Allan Melvin pin-up Bettie Page was interred in the grave beside Melvin. Allan Melvin Allan John Melvin (February 18, 1923 – January 17, 2008) was an American character actor who appeared in several television shows including numerous recurring roles as varying characters on "The Andy Griffith Show"; recurring roles as Corporal Henshaw on "The Phil Silvers Show"; Sergeant Hacker on "Gomer Pyle, USMC"; Alice’s boyfriend Sam the Butcher on "The Brady Bunch"; and Archie Bunker’s friend Barney Hefner on "All in the Family" and "Archie Bunker’s Place". Born in Kansas City, Missouri, to Richard and Marie Melvin and raised in New York
"Ma'am" is short for "madam." The apostrophe marks the removal of the d. It's not a phrase (in English), it's a single word. Of course, "madam" itself comes from French, "ma dame," or "my lady."
- Combine 1 cup hot water and 1/2 cup salt. Mix well but do not allow the salt to dissolve. Pour the salt mixture into the drain and let it sit for up to 15 minutes. Rinse the drain with clean, hot water. Repeat as necessary until there is no more grease in the drain.
Oven-Baked Salmon Prev Recipe Next Recipe Oven-Baked Salmon Getting reviews... Recipe courtesy of Kathleen Daelemans Show: Cooking Thin Episode: Mangia Maria Save Recipe WATCH2 videos | Baked Salmon (04:02)Total: 20 min Prep: 5 min Cook: 15 min Yield: 4 servings Level: Easy Nutrition Info Healthy Baked Salmon (04:02)How to Pick and Store Fish (01:44)Ingredients12 ounce salmon fillet, cut into 4 pieces Coarse-grained salt Freshly ground black pepper Toasted Almond Parsley Salsa, for serving Baked squash, for serving, optional Toasted Almond Parsley Salad:1 shallot1 tablespoons red wine vinegar Coarse grain salt2 tablespoons capers, rinsed1 cup fresh flat-leaf parsley1/2 cup toasted almonds Extra-virgin olive oil Add Checked Items to Grocery List Directions Watch how to make this recipe. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash, if desired. Toasted Almond Parsley Salad: Mince the shallot and add to a small bowl. Pour the vinegar over the shallots and add a pinch of salt. Let sit for 30 minutes. Roughly chop the capers, parsley and almonds and add to the shallots. Add the olive oil, tasting as you go. Mix again and adjust the seasonings. Pairs well with Chardonnay Categories: Easy Main Dish Easy Main Dish Healthy Dinner Healthy Baked Fish Baked Salmon Fish Salmon Low Sodium More from: Healthy Weeknight Dinners Get the Recipe Whole Roasted Stuffed Cauliflower Cauliflower gets the royal treatment with a cheesy, bacony kale stuffing. Whole Roasted Stuffed Cauliflower 00:42Mint Julep Cupcakes01:29Asparagus Fettuccine Carbonara 00:51Asparagus Fries 00:35Ina's Parmesan Chicken 04:10Snowy Pink Coconut Bundt Cake 01:02Take a Tour of the Food Network Fantasy Kitchen 01:37Previous Next1 - 3 of 7 videos IDEAS YOU'LL LOVENaan: Indian Oven-Baked Flat Bread Recipe courtesy of Aarti Sequeira Oven-Baked Sweet Potato Fries with Homemade Ranch Dressing Recipe courtesy of Food Network Salmon Baked in Foil Recipe courtesy of Giada De Laurentiis Salmon with Lemon, Capers, and Rosemary Recipe courtesy of Giada De Laurentiis Pan-Seared Salmon with Kale and Apple Salad Recipe courtesy of Food Network Kitchen Whole-Wheat Spaghetti with Lemon, Basil, and Salmon Recipe courtesy of Giada De Laurentiis Salmon Cakes Recipe courtesy of Ina Garten Smoked Salmon Recipe courtesy of Alton Brown Blackened Salmon Recipe courtesy of Alex Guarnaschelli Browse Reviews By Keyworddry (4)family (12)garlic (7)lemon (10)modifications (14)olive (9)parsley (5)pepper (10)salmon (28)salt (9)all reviews Filter reviews by keyword by clicking on the keywords above, or try these popular keywords:salmon (28) modifications (14) family (12) 
The heat does 2 things. Firstly it dries the bread out, secondly it caramelises the sugars, kind of like toffee. Both these effects make the bread crunchy, its also why sugary bread like raisin toast burns easily
What causes an orgasm?
Is it possible to fix Samsung XCover Pro lock/unlock? The Samsung XCover Pro advertises a large XCover and Top keys that can be used to wake the device and launch apps with one press. Both have a setting called &quot;Use while screen locked&quot;. With that setting enabled, and a PIN and/or fingerprint enabled to unlock the screen, I am unable to wake the device or launch apps from a locked screen as advertised. If the screen is off, pressing the buttons does nothing at all. If the screen is on, I have to enter my PIN first before any app will open, including apps that shouldn't need a PIN, like the camera. Even turning on the screen is a pain. There are two options: 1) Find the impossibly small, recessed wake button on the side, and press it, or 2) Enable &quot;Lift to wake&quot;, which makes the phone think you are constantly scanning an invalid fingerprint, so the screen stays on, draining the battery and automatically disabling biometric unlocking.
I just want my Samsung XCover Pro to work as advertised. Has anyone found a solution to this?
The important thing to realize is that "observing" in this case doesn't really mean "looking at". It means "interacting with". You can't observe something without interacting with it in some way, and it should be obvious that interacting with photons will change their behavior.
Jobs in Agribusiness: Career Options and Requirements Jobs in Agribusiness: Career Options and Requirements. Agribusiness degrees are offered at the associate, undergraduate and graduate levels. Continue reading for an overview of the coursework, as well as career and salary info for some career options for graduates. View 9 Popular Schools ».
Bilirubin From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Bilirubin Identifiers CAS Number635-65-43D model ( JSmol)Interactive image Interactive image Ch EBICHEBI:16990Ch EMBLCh EMBL501680Chem Spider4444055ECHA Info Card 100.010.218IUPHAR/BPS4577Pub Chem CID5280352UNIIRFM9X3LJ49In Ch I [show]SMILES [show]Properties Chemical formula C 33 H 36 N 4 O 6Molar mass 584.67 g·mol −1Supplementary data page Structure and properties Refractive index ( n ), Dielectric constant (ε r ), etc. Thermodynamic data Phase behaviour solid–liquid–gas Spectral data UV, IR, NMR, MSExcept where otherwise noted, data are given for materials in their standard state (at 25 °C [77 °F], 100 k Pa).verify ( what is ? )Infobox references Bilirubin is a yellow compound that occurs in the normal catabolic pathway that breaks down heme in vertebrates. This catabolism is a necessary process in the body's clearance of waste products that arise from the destruction of aged red blood cells. First the hemoglobin gets stripped of the heme molecule which thereafter passes through various processes of porphyrin catabolism, depending on the part of the body in which the breakdown occurs. For example, the molecules excreted in the urine differ from those in the faeces. [1] The production of biliverdin from heme is the first major step in the catabolic pathway, after which the enzyme biliverdin reductase performs the second step, producing bilirubin from biliverdin. Bilirubin is excreted in bile and urine, and elevated levels may indicate certain diseases. It is responsible for the yellow color of bruises and the yellow discoloration in jaundice. Its subsequent breakdown products, such as stercobilin, cause the brown color of faeces. A different breakdown product, urobilin, is the main component of the straw-yellow color in urine. It has also been found in plants. [2]Contents [ hide ]1 Chemistry2 Function3 Metabolism3.1 Unconjugated3.2 Conjugated3.3 Urine4 Toxicity5 Health benefits6 Blood tests6.1 Measurement methods7 Blood levels7.1 Hyperbilirubinemia7.2 Jaundice8 Urine tests9 History10 See also11 References12 External links Chemistry [ edit]Bilirubin consists of an open chain of four pyrrole -like rings ( tetrapyrrole ). In heme, these four rings are connected into a larger ring, called a porphyrin ring. Bilirubin can be "conjugated" with a molecule of glucuronic acid which makes it soluble in water (see below). This is an example of glucuronidation. Bilirubin is very similar to the pigment phycobilin used by certain algae to capture light energy, and to the pigment phytochrome used by plants to sense light. All of these contain an open chain of four pyrrolic rings. Like these other pigments, some of the double-bonds in bilirubin isomerize when exposed to light. This is used in the phototherapy of jaundiced newborns: the E,Z-isomers of bilirubin formed upon light exposure are more soluble than the unilluminated Z,Z-isomer, as the possibility of intramolecular hydrogen bonding is removed. [3] This allows the excretion of unconjugated bilirubin in bile. Some textbooks and research articles show the incorrect geometric isomer of bilirubin. [4] The naturally occurring isomer is the Z,Z-isomer. Function [ edit]Bilirubin is created by the activity of biliverdin reductase on biliverdin, a green tetrapyrrolic bile pigment that is also a product of heme catabolism. Bilirubin, when oxidized, reverts to become biliverdin once again. This cycle, in addition to the demonstration of the potent antioxidant activity of bilirubin, [5] has led to the hypothesis that bilirubin's main physiologic role is as a cellular antioxidant. [6] [7] [8]Metabolism [ edit]Heme metabolism Unconjugated [ edit]The measurement of unconjugated bilirubin depends on its reaction with diazosulfanilic acid to create azobilirubin. However, unconjugated bilirubin also reacts slowly with diazosulfanilic acid, so that the measured indirect bilirubin is an underestimate of the true unconjugated concentration. Conjugated [ edit]In the liver, bilirubin is conjugated with glucuronic acid by the enzyme glucu
Maiden Rock Maiden Rock Maiden Rock, WIFavorite Share More Nearby Directions Sponsored Topics Description Maiden Rock is a village in Pierce County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 121 at the 2000 census. The village is located within the Town of Maiden Rock. The town is named for a cliff (also called "Maiden Rock") just south of the village. In the Princess Winona legend, the daughter of Dakota Indian Chief Red Wing (for whom the nearby town of Red Wing, Minnesota is named) jumped from this cliff after her lover, a member of the rival Chippewa tribe, was killed by Dakota warriors under orders from Red Wing. A plaque still stands near the base of the cliff, memorializing the village's namesake. Maiden Rock is located at 44°33′40″N 92°18′34″W / 44.56111°N 92.30944°W / 44.56111; -92.30944 (44.561295, -92.309563). According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of 1.1 square miles (2.9 km²). None of the area is covered with water. 
- SuperCoder Posted 3 years ago. Yes, as two different types of hernia repair are done on inguinal region for both left and right, you should not use bilateral code with single Dx as two repairs are not the same.For incarcerated, irreducibility, or stangulation, you should use 550.10 and for reducible, 550.90.es, as two different types of hernia repair are done on inguinal region for both left and right, you should not use bilateral code with single Dx as two repairs are not the same.
Comparing Reversible & Irreversible Physical & Chemical Changes Video Quiz Course Watch short & fun videos Start Your Free Trial Today {"error":true,"iframe":true}Your next lesson will play in 10 seconds Add to Timeline Autoplay 24K views Create an account to start this course today Try it free for 5 days!Create An Account Recommended Lessons and Courses for You Related Lessons Related Courses Reversible Chemical Reactions: Definition & Examples Chemical Change Lesson for Kids: Definition & Examples Physical Change Lesson for Kids: Definition & Examples Natural vs. Artificial Magnets: Definition & Examples Lesson Transcript Instructor: Rebecca Gillaspy Dr. Gillaspy has taught health science at University of Phoenix and Ashford University and has a degree from Palmer College of Chiropractic. A substance that changes form has undergone a physical change, which might be reversible. A substance that transforms into a different substance has undergone a chemical change, which is harder to reverse. Learn about reversible and irreversible changes. Understanding Change For this lesson we will be baking a cake. Don't worry; you didn't stumble on to a cooking video by accident. We will be using the cake to help you understand physical and chemical changes, and show you which of these changes can be reversed and which cannot. For our demonstration we will need some ingredients, like eggs, sugar, butter, flour and, of course, chocolate frosting. As for tools, all we really need is a baking pan, bowl and a wooden spoon to stir everything together. Physical Properties & Changes Let's start with the eggs. As you can see, each of our eggs is white and has some mass, which we know because it's an object that we can hold in our hand. Characteristics like color and mass are called physical properties, which we can define as characteristics that can be seen and measured. We can identify physical properties for all types of matter, including all of the ingredients and tools we will be using to bake our cake. For instance, our wooden stirring spoon has density, which we can measure by determining its mass in relation to its volume. Because density can be measured, we know that it's a physical property. Changes that affect physical properties are called physical changes. With a physical change we see that a substance changes form but does not transform into a different substance. For example, to use an egg in our recipe, we need to crack it open. This is a physical change because the egg is now in two parts, but the egg did not transform into a chicken, or into any other substance for that matter; it is still an egg. If we were to take our wooden spoon and grind it down to sawdust, we could see another example of physical change. The spoon would change form, but it would still be wood. Reversibility of Physical Changes Sometimes physical changes can be reversed, and sometimes they cannot. We just looked at two examples of physical changes that could not be reversed, namely the cracked egg and the ground-up wooden spoon. We learned from the Humpty Dumpty nursery rhyme that you cannot put a broken egg back together again. The same goes for the wooden spoon; it would be impossible to change the sawdust back into a wooden spoon. But, don't get fooled into thinking that all physical changes are irreversible. In fact, many physical changes can be reversed. Remember that when a substance changes physically, it is still the same substance, just in a different form. Water turning into ice is a great example of a reversible physical change. Water, which we know is made up of two hydrogen molecules and one oxygen molecule (H2O), can be frozen, but that doesn't change the fact that it is still H2O. If you let it thaw, you could drink it again. To unlock this lesson you must be a Study.com Member. Create your account Register for a free trial Are you a student or a teacher? I am a student I am a teacher You are viewing lesson 9 in chapter 2 of the course: Holt Physical Science: Online Textbook Help23 chapters | 187 lessons Ch 1. Holt Physical Science Chapt
This comment is not toxic.
Demi Moore Demi Gene Guynes ( -LSB- dəˈmiː -RSB- ; born November 11 , 1962 ) , professionally known as Demi Moore , is an American actress , former songwriter , and model . Moore dropped out of high school at age 16 to pursue an acting career and appeared in the men 's magazine Oui in 1981 . After making her film debut later that year , she appeared on the soap opera General Hospital and subsequently gained recognition for her work in Blame It on Rio ( 1984 ) and St. Elmo 's Fire ( 1985 ) . Her first film to become both a critical and commercial hit was About Last Night ... ( 1986 ) , which established her as a Hollywood star .   In 1990 , Moore starred in Ghost , the highest-grossing film of that year , for which she received a Golden Globe nomination . She had a string of additional box-office successes in the early 1990s , including A Few Good Men ( 1992 ) , Indecent Proposal ( 1993 ) , and Disclosure ( 1994 ) . In 1996 , Moore became the highest-paid actress in film history when she was paid a then-unprecedented fee of $ 12.5 million to star in Striptease , a film that was a high-profile disappointment . Her next major role , G.I. Jane ( 1997 ) , for which she famously shaved her head , was followed by a lengthy break and significant downturn in Moore 's career , although she has remained a subject of substantial media interest during the years since .
Karl Pilkington navigation search Karl Pilkington Alright? Date of Birth 23 September 1972Place of Birth Manchester, England, United Kingdom Education Ashton-on-Mersey School Occupation Radio Producer, Head of Production and Author Partner Suzanne Whiston Parents Karl's Dad, Karl's Mam"Come together and annoy Karl. He is your leader. He is your messiah! He is your god! And he fucking hates it." - Ricky Gervais Karl Pilkington (born 23 September 1972 in Manchester, England) is an English radio producer, author, television presenter, actor and general round-headed buffoon. Having previously been known for producing The Ricky Gervais Show on the radio station Xfm, Pilkington reached an international audience through his appearances with Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant on the similarly titled, record-breaking podcast series. He has since been the presenter of Sky 1 documentary An Idiot Abroad, and starred as caretaker Dougie in Derek . Contents [ hide ]1 Career1.1 Before Ricky and Steve1.2 On-Air1.2.1 Ricky Gervais and Steve Merchant1.2.2 The Russell Brand Show1.3 Podcasts1.4 TV Appearances1.5 Written Work1.6 Film Appearances2 Childhood2.1 School2.2 Near Death Experiences2.3 GCSE Results2.4 Jobs2.5 Family3 Books4 Quotes and Opinions5 See Also6 External Links7 References Career Before Ricky and Steve Karl went to work as a printer after leaving school at age 15, and was made to work a 24-hour shift pressing CDs for the band Smokey. He partly attributes his baldness to this grueling schedule. Karl also briefly hosted an overnight phone-in show on a Manchester radio station where he was something of an agony uncle. [1] It was in Manchester that he met long-time girlfriend Suzanne. He later moved on to work as Head of Production at London radio station Xfm, where he worked for seven years and would first cross paths with Ricky and Steve. Karl was given the job of producing their second run of shows at the station, shortly after the first series of The Office ran on BBC2. At first he merely "pressed the buttons", but his quirky antics and unique worldview soon prompted Gervais and Merchant to make him a third member of their team. Karl might sometimes wish he never met Ricky On-Air Ricky Gervais and Steve Merchant Having been assigned to produce The Ricky Gervais Show with Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant, Karl began his on-air role by occasionally interjecting during the broadcast. As more of his anecdotes and opinions were revealed, he became more of a focal point of the show. Eventually, he began to take part in and create segments. The first feature introduced that focused on Karl was White Van Karl, where Karl gave his thoughts on current events and minor news stories. Then, following the live revelation that Karl only passed one GCSE, Ricky began Educating Karl on key topics in history and literature. As Ricky and Steve started to put less effort into the show, Karl began creating his own segments such as Educating Ricky, Monkey News, and Rockbusters. Having masterminded these bits, Karl's relative status on the show grew, with Ricky eventually saying it should be called "The Karl Pilkington Show". After the end of the Xfm show, Karl remained part of the trio, giving up his position as head of production at Xfm to make podcasts with Ricky and Steve and work on his writing. When Danny Wallace debuted his Saturday show on Xfm on 9th February 2008, Karl recorded a message for him containing advice and support on how to do a radio show and revealing that he had only received an extra thirty pounds for each show he did with Ricky and Steve. The Russell Brand Show Karl also co-hosted four radio shows with Russell Brand on BBC 6Music. Three shows aired after Christmas in 2005 with Karl and Russell substituting for Nemone. Another aired on 09 April 2006, the beginning of the Russell Brand Show. After this show, Karl no longer had a speaking role, but was talked about on air and seen on the webcam during the next couple of shows. There is speculation that Karl's participation in the show was discontinued due to his contract obl
Pink eye: How long is it contagious? Answers from Dennis Robertson, M.D. Pink eye (conjunctivitis) generally remains contagious as long as your child is experiencing tearing and matted eyes. Signs and symptoms of pink eye usually improve within three to seven days. When tearing and matted eyes are no longer present, it's appropriate for a child to return to school or child care. If the pink eye is caused by a bacterial infection, treatment with antibiotic drops or ointment for the eyes may be necessary. Some schools and child care facilities require that a child wait at least 24 hours after starting treatment before returning.
One-carbon pathway metabolites are altered in the plasma of subjects with Down syndrome: relation to chromosomal dosage Down syndrome (DS) is the most common chromosomal disorder and it is caused by trisomy of chromosome 21 (Hsa21). Subjects with DS show a large heterogeneity of phenotypes and the most constant clinical features present are typical facies and intellectual disability (ID). Several studies demonstrated that trisomy 21 causes an alteration in the metabolic profile, involving among all one-carbon cycle. We performed enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs) to identify the concentration of 5 different intermediates of the one-carbon cycle, namely tetrahydrofolate (THF), 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (5-methyl-THF), 5-formyltetrahydrofolate (5-formyl-THF), S-adenosyl-homocysteine (SAH) and S-adenosyl-methionine (SAM) in plasma samples obtained from a total of 164 subjects with DS compared to 54 euploid subjects. Results highlight specific alterations of THF with a median concentration ratio DS/control of 2:3, a decrease of a necessary molecule perfectly consistent with a chromosomal dosage effect. Moreover, SAM and SAH show a ratio of 2:1 and 3.6:1, respectively. The relevance of these results for the biology of intelligence and its impairment in trisomy 21 is discussed, leading to the final proposal of 5-methyl-THF as the best candidate for a clinical trial aimed at restoring the dysregulation of one-carbon cycle in trisomy 21, possibly improving cognitive skills of subjects with DS.
The answer depends on both time and wealth. The First and Second Crusades took the overland route through the Balkans and Anatolia, but the failure of the Second Crusade, picked apart on the journey, and the relative success of the English and Low Countries contingent, who came by ship, forced a re-evaluation. All subsequent crusades went by ship, a contributing factor to the disaster of the Fourth Crusade, where the crusaders ordered more ships than they needed. If you were with an army on a later crusade, you'd probably go by ship. Even if you were relatively poor, you were probably in service of a lord who would be paying for it - the maintenance of an army was part of the devotional act. There were many reasons to go on crusade even if you were not a member of a numbered crusade, so your method of travel in this sort of circumstance would vary with your personal wealth and other factors.
Have you ever met a fellow Quoran?
The First State DelawareQuarterDelaware.jpg. Delaware became the 1st state in 1787. The Delaware quarter features Caesar Rodney on horseback (signer of the Declaration of Independence and president of Delaware during most of the American Revolution), and the state nickname: The First State (public domain image on Wikipedia).
Moles are just benign tumors of melanocytes. They don't serve a purpose so much as they are harmless growths of skin pigment containing cells. Luckily, moles are typically self limiting but sometimes they are not, and that's how you end up with melanoma.
Cast Iron Cookware The Lodge Cast Iron Grill Pan allows grease to drain away from the food while creating tantalizing grill marks. This square grill pan is seasoned and ready to use and perfect for cooking bacon, steaks and more. Foundry seasoned, ready to use upon purchase. Use on all cooking surfaces, grills and campfires. Oven safe.
- If your judgment is for child or spousal support, you can garnish up to 50% of the debtor's take-home pay (55% if the debtor is 12 or more weeks in arrears). If the judgment debtor does not currently support a spouse or child, you can garnish up to 60% of the wages (65% if the debtor is 12 or more weeks in arrears). Some states have even lower wage garnishment limits. If a state wage garnishment law results in a smaller garnishment, the state law must be followed.
ounce 1 noun. 1  a unit of weight equal to one sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 grams.2  a unit of weight equal to one twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries' pound; 1 ounce is equal to 480 grains or 31.103 grams. 3  short for fluid ounce. 4  a small portion or amount.oun. 1  a unit of weight equal to one sixteenth of a pound (avoirdupois); 1 ounce is equal to 437.5 grains or 28.349 grams. 2  Abbreviation: oz. 3  a unit of weight equal to one twelfth of a Troy or Apothecaries' pound; 1 ounce is equal to 480 grains or 31.103 grams. 4  short for fluid ounce.
Tardigrade Tardigrades ( -LSB- ˈtɑrdᵻˌgreɪd -RSB- also known as water bears , space bears , or moss piglets ) are water-dwelling , eight-legged , segmented micro-animals . They were first discovered by the German zoologist Johann August Ephraim Goeze in 1773 . The name Tardigrada ( meaning `` slow stepper '' ) was given three years later by the Italian biologist Lazzaro Spallanzani . They have been found everywhere from mountaintops to the deep sea , mud volcanoes , and from tropical rain forests to the Antarctic .   Tardigrades are one of the most resilient animals known : they can survive extreme conditions that would be rapidly fatal to nearly all other known life forms . They can withstand temperature ranges from 1 K ( close to absolute zero ) to about 420 K for several minutes , pressures about six times greater than those found in the deepest ocean trenches , ionizing radiation at doses hundreds of times higher than the lethal dose for a human , and the vacuum of outer space . They can go without food or water for more than 30 years , drying out to the point where they are 3 % or less water , only to rehydrate , forage , and reproduce . Tardigrades living in harsh conditions undergo an annual process of cyclomorphosis .   They are not considered extremophilic because they are not adapted to exploit these conditions . This means that their chances of dying increase the longer they are exposed to the extreme environments , whereas true extremophiles thrive in a physically or geochemically extreme environment that would harm most other organisms .   Usually , tardigrades are about 0.5 mm long when they are fully grown . They are short and plump with four pairs of legs , each with four to eight claws also known as `` disks '' . The first three pairs of legs are directed ventrolaterally and are the primary means of locomotion , while the fourth pair is directed posteriorly on the terminal segment of the trunk and is used primarily for grasping the substrate . Tardigrades are prevalent in mosses and lichens and feed on plant cells , algae , and small invertebrates . When collected , they may be viewed under a very low-power microscope , making them accessible to students and amateur scientists .   Tardigrades form the phylum Tardigrada , part of the superphylum Ecdysozoa . It is an ancient group , with fossils dating from 530 million years ago , in the Cambrian period . About 1,150 species of tardigrades have been described . Tardigrades can be found throughout the world , from the Himalayas ( above 6000 m ) , to the deep sea ( below 4000 m ) and from the polar regions to the equator .
How to fix your credit after a catastrophe The good news is a badly battered credit score isn't a life sentence. If you do nothing at all, except nothing bad, it will take seven to 10 years before your credit is better, says John Ulzheimer, president of consumer education at SmartCredit.com.
What is the average cost of an Amtrak trip from Boston to New York? Over the last year or so I've taken Amtrak between Baltimore, NYC, and Boston about once every two or three weeks. The Northeast Regional for all intents and purposes will cost you about $100 to $133 (the vast majority of my Boston/NY trips).
Yes. Take for example: A: Snow in a large closed box that is dark, but at about 70 degrees vs B: Snow in a large open box with sunlight shining on it, still about 70 degrees. The open box will melt faster because even though the [heat by convection](_URL_0_) is the same^1 , the open box will, in addition, receive [heat by radiation.](_URL_1_) 1) Assuming the same surface area and temperature in both cases.
2 Ways to Go to Organize Favorites in Windows 10 IE 2 Ways to Go to Organize Favorites in Windows 10 IEAfter adding webpages, websites and more to Favorites in IE on your Windows 10 PC, you can go to organize your favorites through creating new folder, moving diversified favorites to different folders, renaming favorites and deleting them, as shown in the following picture. Thus, this article introduces two methods to help you go to organize favorites. Video guide on how to go to organize favorites in Windows 10 IE:2 ways to go to organize favorites in Windows 10 IE: Way 1: Go to organize favorites via the star button. Click the top-right star icon (or press Alt+C) to view Favorites, click the down arrow on the right of Add to favorites and choose Organize favorites in the drop-down list. Way 2: Go to organize favorites via the Favorites menu. Click Favorites on the Menu bar, and select Organize favorites in the menu. Tip: If the Menu bar in IE is missing, you can instantly show it by use of the Alt key. Besides, to permanently display it in the browser, find the solution in Show or Hide Menu Bar/Favorites Bar/Command Bar/Status Bar in IE. Related Articles: Internet Explorer 11 Keyboard Shortcuts3 Ways to Zoom on A Webpage in IE on Windows 103 Ways to Delete Browsing History and Cookies on Windows 10Enable Smart Screen Filter for Internet Explorer in Windows 10Remove Warning When Closing All Tabs in IE on Windows 10 
It's less direct. You're taking the sunlight at an angle compared to the (nearly) directly overhead heat of mid-day. Likewise, there are miles more air between you and the sun to absorb some of that heat.  Add to that the cooler air during those times (2-3pm is generally the hottest hour of the day) and you've got less light and more, cooler air lowering the amount of sunlight that hits your skin.
- Chemicals used in insecticides (chlorophe-. nothane), glue (toluene), and Stoddard solvent. (petroleum distillates) have also been associated with. aplastic anemia. Drugs. Chloramphenicol was, at one point, the most. common cause of drug-induced aplastic anemia in the. United States. Anticonvulsant medications, in particular. carbamazepine and hydantoins, are also associated with. the development of aplastic anemia.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
What Does Taking Massive Amounts of Vitamin C Do to Your Body? Recommendation vs. Unsafe Level. Vitamin C recommendation varies by gender. Men need 90 milligrams per day while women require 75 daily milligrams, reports the Office of Dietary Supplements. During pregnancy and while breast-feeding, women need 85 milligrams and 120 milligrams, respectively.
What Is a Group of Oxen Called? Pets & Animals Mammals Barnyard Mammals Q: What Is a Group of Oxen Called? A: Quick Answer A group of oxen is referred to as a yoke. Oxen are often used in teams and yoked into a harness to pull heavy loads. Working oxen are normally males that are castrated because steers aren't as aggressive as bulls. Continue Reading Keep Learning What Does a Musk Ox Eat? What Is a Group of Donkeys Called? What Is a Group of Sheep Called? Full Answer Training begins at an early age, as oxen must learn verbal commands for stop and go, as well as left, right and back up. Oxen are also trained to respond to commands given with a long pole by their master, or teamster. As many as 10 teams of oxen can be yoked to a single wagon if the load is extremely heavy. Learn more about Barnyard Mammals Sources: oxforddictionaries.com animals.pawnation.com en.wikipedia.org Related Questions Q: What Is a Group of Cows Called? A: A group of cows is called a herd, drove or team. Historically, people who took cattle to market on the open range were known as drovers. Full Answer >Filed Under: Barnyard Mammals Q: What Is a Group of Goats Called? A: According to the U. S. Geological Survey, a group of goats is called a tribe or a trip. Animal congregations often have seemingly odd names that vary by spe... Full Answer >Filed Under: Barnyard Mammals Q: What Is a Group of Cattle Called? A: A group of cattle is called a herd, mob, drift or drove. In the United States, domesticated cattle live in fenced pastures and are sheltered in barns. They... Full Answer >Filed Under: Barnyard Mammals Q: What Is a Group of Pigs Called? A: The name for a group of pigs depends on the animals' ages. A group of young pigs is called a drift, drove or litter. Groups of older pigs are called a soun... Full Answer >Filed Under: Barnyard Mammals You May Also Like Q: What Do Wild Horses Eat? Q: What Are Some Interesting Facts About Horses? Q: What Are Mini Potbelly Pigs? Q: What Is the Oldest Breed of Horse? Q: How Much Do Pigs Weigh at Birth? Q: What Do You Need to Know Before Adopting a Rescued Horse? 
Hopkinsville, Kentucky Hopkinsville, Kentucky From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Hopkinsville" redirects here. For the community in Ohio, see Hopkinsville, Ohio. Hopkinsville, Kentucky City Hopkinsville First Presbyterian Church Location of Hopkinsville in Christian County, Kentucky. Coordinates: 36°51′17″N 87°29′20″WCoordinates: 36°51′17″N 87°29′20″WCountry United States State Kentucky County Christian Established 1804 [1]Incorporated 1853 [1]Named for State representative Samuel Hopkins Government• Mayor Carter Hendricks ( R)Area• Total 30.8 sq mi (79.8 km 2)• Land 30.7 sq mi (79.4 km 2)• Water 0.1 sq mi (0.3 km 2)Elevation 528 ft (161 m)Population ( 2010)• Total 31,577• Estimate (2016) [2] 31,811Time zone CST ( UTC-6)• Summer ( DST) CDT ( UTC-5)ZIP code 42240Area code (s) 270 & 364FIPS code 21-37918GNIS feature ID 0494550Website www .hopkinsvilleky .us Hopkinsville is a home rule-class city [3] in and the county seat of Christian County, Kentucky, United States. [4] The population at the 2010 census was 31,577. [5]Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 Early years1.2 Civil War1.3 Black Patch tobacco1.4 2006 tornado2 Geography3 Demographics3.1 Clarksville MSA4 Industry4.1 Agribusiness4.2 Top employers5 Transportation5.1 Road5.2 Air5.3 Rail6 Media7 Attractions and points of interest8 Sports9 Notable people10 Public schools11 Private schools12 Climate13 See also14 References15 Further reading16 External links History [ edit]Early years [ edit]The area of present-day Hopkinsville was initially claimed in 1796 by Bartholomew Wood as part of a 1,200-acre (5 km 2) grant for his service in the American Revolution. He and his wife Martha Ann moved from Jonesborough, Tennessee, first to a cabin near present-day W. Seventh and Bethel streets; then to a second cabin near present-day 9th and Virginia streets; and finally to a third home near 14th and Campbell. Following the creation of Christian County the same year, the Woods donated 5 acres (20,000 m 2) of land and a half interest in their Old Rock Spring to form its seat of government in 1797. By 1798, a log courthouse, jail, and "stray pen" had been built; the next year, John Campbell and Samuel Means laid out the streets for "Christian Court House". The community tried to rename itself "Elizabeth" after the Woods' eldest daughter, but another town in Hardin County preëmpted the name, and the Kentucky Assembly established the town in 1804 as "Hopkinsville" after veteran and state representative Samuel Hopkins of Henderson County (later the namesake of Hopkins County as well). [6] [7]Along with the rest of Kentucky, the town was late in establishing free lower education, but natives organized private schools, and the town was the home of South Kentucky College (est. 1849) and Bethel Female College (est. 1854). [6]Civil War [ edit]The Civil War generated major divisions in Christian County. Confederate support in Hopkinsville and Christian County was evident in the formation of the "Oak Grove Rangers" and the 28th Kentucky Cavalry. Christian County was then the birthplace of Jefferson Davis, president of the Confederate States of America, though his birthplace is now part of Todd County, Kentucky. Several local businessmen and plantation owners contributed money and war supplies to the South. After Confederate forces retreated to Tennessee, however, Camp Joe Anderson was established by the Union to the northwest of Hopkinsville in 1862. Men who trained there became members of the 35th Kentucky Cavalry, the 25th Kentucky Infantry, and the 35th Kentucky Infantry. Gen. James S. Jackson had been a Hopkinsville attorney before the war and was killed in service to the Union at the Battle of Perryville in October 1862. Private citizens who supported the Union cause provided the army with mules, wagons, clothing, and food. Hopkinsville changed hands at least half a dozen times, being occupied in turn by Confederate and Union forces. In December 1864, Confederate troops under Gen. Hylan B. Lyon captured the town and burned the Christian County courthouse, then being used by th
Domestically, Barcelona has won 23 La Liga, 27 Copa del Rey, 11 Supercopa de España, 3 Copa Eva Duarte and 2 Copa de la Liga trophies, as well as being the record holder for the latter four competitions. In international club football, Barcelona has won five UEFA Champions League titles, a record four UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, a shared record five UEFA Super Cup, a record three Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and a record three FIFA Club World Cup trophies. Barcelona was ranked first in the IFFHS Club World Ranking for 1997, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2015 and currently occupies the second position on the UEFA club rankings. The club has a long-standing rivalry with Real Madrid; matches between the two teams are referred to as El Clásico.
United States Constitution ratification, have been frequently cited by the Supreme Court as an authoritative contemporary interpretation of the meaning of its provisions. The dispute over additional powers for the central government was close, and in some states ratification was effected only after a bitter struggle in the state convention itself. On June 21, 1788, the constitution had been ratified by the minimum of nine states required under Article VII. Towards the end of July, and with eleven states then having ratified, the process of organizing the new government began. The Continental Congress, which still functioned at irregular intervals, passed a resolution on
Cordite Cordite's use was further developed in the early years of World War II, for launching 2-inch and 3-inch diameter non-rotated, anti-aircraft projectiles. Small cordite rocket charges were also developed for ejector seats made by the Martin-Baker Company. Cordite is now obsolete and it is no longer produced. It has been replaced by other propellants, such as the Improved Military Rifle (IMR) line of extruded powder or the WC844 ball propellant currently in use in the 5.56 x 45 mm NATO.
ransom verb. Ransom is defined as the act of holding someone or something hostage in order to get a demand met, or the money paid to get the item or person back.An example of ransom is the money paid to a kidnapper to get a kidnapped child back.To ransom is to obtain the release of someone or something that has been held hostage by paying a price.ansom-Legal Definition. n. The money paid to secure the release of a person held captive, whether as a result of having been kidnapped or captured in some other way; the release of a captured person in exchange for money or other consideration.
The tiny hairs inside of your ears have been bent as a result of an extended period of loud noise. They take time to straighten up again, sometimes they don't and that causes deafness.
Dynamic Proof of Storage (PoS) is a useful cryptographic primitive that enables a user to check the integrity of outsourced files and to efficiently update the files in a cloud server. Although researchers have proposed many dynamic PoS schemes in singleuser environments, the problem in multi-user environments has not been investigated sufficiently. A practical multi-user cloud storage system needs the secure client-side cross-user deduplication technique, which allows a user to skip the uploading process and obtain the ownership of the files immediately, when other owners of the same files have uploaded them to the cloud server. To the best of our knowledge, none of the existing dynamic PoSs can support this technique. In this paper, we introduce the concept of deduplicatable dynamic proof of storage and propose an efficient construction called DeyPoS, to achieve dynamic PoS and secure cross-user deduplication, simultaneously. Considering the challenges of structure diversity and private tag generation, we exploit a novel tool called Homomorphic Authenticated Tree (HAT). We prove the security of our construction, and the theoretical analysis and experimental results show that our construction is efficient in practice.
By definition an instinct is NOT taught. Truthfully, we don't know a lot about the exact mechanisms through which they are activated and maintained. Though, we know it is based on specific patterns recognized by the brain that, through years of evolution, have led to its automatic execution of behaviors that benefit its chances of survival and production of offspring.
Orbital occupation, local spin and exchange interactions in V2O3
Jeremiah Ogbodo Jeremiah Ogbodo (born on the 4th of July) better known as Swankyjerry is a Nigerian Celebrity Fashion Stylist known for his work with Tonto Dikeh, D'banj, Ice Prince, M.I, Tu Face, Juliet Ibrahim, Davido and a host of other high profile clients.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Telegraph code Telegraph code A telegraph code is one of the character encodings used to transmit information through telegraphy machines. The most famous such code is Morse code. Morse code can be transmitted and received with very simple electrical equipment, such as the electrical telegraph invented in 1816. Morse code represents each letter of the alphabet as a series of "dots and dashes" (short and long bursts of electronically-generated noise). The speed of sending is directly related to the length of the shortest (dot) element: a dash is three dots long, an inter-character gap is the same length (3 dots), and inter-word
I'm looking for USB-C to USB-C cable that is 10ft long
The energies of a free particle (for example, a photon) are **not** quantized. That's exactly right; the frequency can be anything. Bound states have quantized energies. What *is* quantized for light is the number of photons in each mode. If you take a given frequency f, you can only have energies which are integer multiples of hf. If you have 4 photons of frequency f, the total energy in that mode is 4hf. You can't have 3.5hf, because that would mean that you had 3.5 photons in that mode.
Training Vendors Showing 1-15 of 136 results Training Vendors11Source Professional Training Solutions One Source Professional Training Solutions is a full service training provider. We provide IT, Business Skills Training and Full Service Training Coordination throughout throughout the US and Canada. Our customized solutions focus on each of our clients specific needs. Marietta , GA , US23Fold Education Centre CCPStudy is a product of 3Fold Training, We offer certified cost professional exam review course to all cost engineers and cost estimators by 100% online. 3Fold Education centre is the first AACE Approved education provider for online CCP. Dubai , XX , XX3Academy of Business Training The Academy of Business Training is the leading U. S. provider of short term (3 – 5 days) college level manufacturing courses. The Academy of Business Training is dedicated to helping companies train professional men and women to improve their business skills and knowledge to enable them to pursue opportunities for career advancement. Cincinnati , OH , US4Academy X Computer Training Academy X provides hands-on, instructor-led computer training in and around San Francisco, Sacramento, San Jose, Los Angeles, and San Diego. We offer public enrollment classes that you can find at http://www.academyx.com/schedule/. We also customize training for groups and individuals either at your site, our facilities, or online. San Francisco , CA , US5Accelerated Leadership Since 1999, Accelerated Leadership has raised the standard of leadership and communication for hundreds of Gulf Coast companies. Enhanced COMMUNICATION unlocks GREATER SUCCESS!Jeanerette , LA , US6Access Event Network Training Facilities. Worldwide — Trusted — Complete. Access is an industry leader in providing professional, cost-effective computer labs & training room rentals. + One Contact Over 500 Global Locations2413 W. Algonquin Road, #501 , IL , US7Advantage Continuing Education Seminars Advantage Continuing Education Seminars is your go-to source for all professional continuing education and training needs. Specializing in high-quality courses, offered in a variety of topics and learning formats, we can assist you in fulfilling your license and training requirements quickly, conveniently, and according to your schedule. Pembroke Pines , FL , US8Advantage Leadership, Inc. I work with organizations around the world that want strategic leaders and engaged employees to increase bottom- and top-line results and delight customers. You achieve your goals through strategic planning and leadership, management, team, and organizational development. Draw on my proven ability to mentor you through major change. My team works with you to craft customized, successful solutions to your complex business issues in all economic sectors. Our mission is your success. Our educational programs are ALL tailored for your specific needs. Hands-on case studies based on examples from your organization assure a practical program people can implement successfully. We can include targeted assessments and meet with leaders to develop guidelines to lock in learning. We incorporate the latest findings on adult learning and instructional design. We have served on the faculty of AMA, universities, and international educational organizations. Ph. D., MBTI Master Practitioner, Author Pembroke Pines , FL , US9Aegis Learning Aegis Learning transforms organizations and individuals with training, coaching, consulting and much more. Since 1992, the team at Aegis Learning has provided the most impacting and engaging leadership development, customer service initiatives and high performance team building available. Our unique and committed approach ensures that training is converted to learning and learning is translated to results. Many people provide training and coaching. Aegis Learning provides IMPACT. Sustained IMPACT to individuals, teams, organizations and communities. Please take a few moments and discover the Aegis EDGE. Las Vegas , NV , US10American Graphics Institute Adobe training, Photoshop classes, UX train
Prince George of Denmark Prince George of Denmark Prince George of Denmark and Norway, Duke of Cumberland (; 2 April 165328 October 1708), was the husband of Queen Anne, who reigned over Great Britain from 1702 to 1714. His marriage to Anne was arranged in the early 1680s with a view to developing an Anglo-Danish alliance to contain Dutch maritime power. As a result, George was unpopular with his Dutch brother-in-law William of Orange, who was married to Anne's elder sister, Mary. William and Mary became joint monarchs of Britain, with Anne as their heir presumptive, in 1689 after the "Glorious Revolution" deposed James
Overview Overview NSTEMI stands for non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction, which is a type of heart attack. Compared to the more common type of heart attack known as STEMI, an NSTEMI is typically less damaging to your heart. NSTEMI vs. STEMINSTEMI vs. STEMIEach heartbeat shows a visible waveform on an electrocardiogram (ECG). Although the clinical presentation and symptoms of NSTEMIs and STEMIs are the same, their waves look very different on an ECG. An ECG will show the following characteristics for an NSTEMI:depressed ST wave or T-wave inversionno progression to Q wavepartial blockage of the coronary artery A STEMI will show:elevated ST waveprogression to Q wavefull blockage of the coronary artery Both types of heart attack are considered acute coronary syndromes, a term that describes any blockage of blood supply to the heart muscle. As a result, NSTEMI and STEMI can lead to damage of the heart tissue. Risk factors NSTEMI risk factors You’re much more likely to experience acute coronary syndrome such as NSTEMI if you have the following risk factors: You smoke. You’re physical inactivity. You have high blood pressure or high cholesterol. You have diabetes. You’re overweight or obese. Your family has a history of heart disease or stroke. Symptoms Symptoms of NSTEMISymptoms of NSTEMI include:shortness of breathpressure, tightness, or discomfort in your chestpain or discomfort in your jaw, neck, back, or stomachdizzinesslightheadednessnauseasweating Take these symptoms seriously if you experience them, and call 911 immediately. When it comes to chest pain and the other symptoms, it’s always better to err on the safe side and get help. If the symptoms are indeed those of a heart attack, every minute that passes without help can further increase damage to your heart. Diagnosis Diagnosing an NSTEMINSTEMI is diagnosed through a blood test and an ECG. The blood test will show elevated levels of creatine kinase-myocardial band (CK-MB), troponin I, and troponin T. These markers are evidence of possible damage to the heart cells, and are typically mild compared with STEMI. However, blood tests alone can’t diagnose a heart attack. The ECG will show the patterns of the ST waves, which will identify whether or not a heart attack occurred, and if so, which type. Treatment NSTEMI treatment Treatment will depend on the amount of blockage and the severity of the NSTEMI. A GRACE score will determine whether the cardiac event is low, medium, or high risk. This score uses these eight parameters to calculate risk:ageheart ratesystolic blood pressure Killip class (physical examination)serum creatinine levelcardiac arrest at hospital admission ST-segment deviation in ECGelevated cardiac marker Drug treatment is used for those who are low risk who’ve had an NSTEMI. Medications that may be given include anticoagulants, antiplatelets, beta-blockers, nitrates, statins, angiotensin-converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs). For those with a medium to high risk, either a percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) or a coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) is performed. Prevention NSTEMI prevention Lowering your risk factors can help prevent NSTEMI. Lifestyle changes will have the biggest impact on your heart health. Focus on:eating a well-balanced, heart-healthy diet that includes fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and healthy fatslimiting intake of saturated and trans fatsincorporating at least 30 minutes of physical activity five days per weekpracticing stress management techniques such as yoga, deep breathing, or walkingquitting smokingmanaging your weight In addition, managing any current conditions such as diabetes, high cholesterol, and high blood pressure will be beneficial in preventing a heart attack. Speak with your doctor about the right path of prevention. It’s also important to have an emergency action plan if you’re at higher risk for a heart attack, or if you’ve had one in the past. Keep lists of your medications and allergies handy in your wallet, as well as your healthcare provider’s phone numb
Mike Bushell Mike Bushell is a sports presenter for the BBC. He presents the sport on "BBC Breakfast" on Fridays and at the weekends, and sometimes on other weekdays. Bushell holds the world record for trying different sports, on his Saturday morning slot, on BBC 1, in which he tries to inspire people off the sofa, to be more active and try a new activity. He maintains there is a sport for all, and no one should feel they can't do it. He has consequently tried out and profiled over 350 sports: ranging from the bizarre like shin kicking, whip cracking and swamp soccer to new mainstream sport initiatives like Rush hockey, spike volleyball, and shopping centre squash. His features often include top tips from the stars, like Serena Williams, Colin Montgomerie and Ben Ainslie.
What is the formula for the compound iron (iii) sulfate? The Iron (III) ion is The sulfate ion is Thus when forming the compound iron (iii) sulfate you would need three sulfate ions bonded to two iron ions in order to fill the valency requirement ∴ the formula would be Fe₂(SO₄)₃ Whenever you are adding a number to a radical you must bracket it.
VA Dependent Benefits VA Dependent Benefits provide income, education, and medical support for the spouse and dependent children of some service connected disabled veterans. Additionally, the parents of a veteran may be eligible for income support. Monthly VA Dependent Benefits. VA Dependent Benefits provide income, education, and medical support for the spouse and dependent children of some service connected disabled veterans. Additionally, the parents of a veteran may be eligible for income support.
Roman White Roman White is a music video and film director who has directed most of Carrie Underwood's videos. He has also directed music videos for Kelly Clarkson, Florida Georgia Line, Kelsea Ballerini, Cassadee Pope, Josh Groban, Thomas Rhett, Danielle Bradbery, Kellie Pickler, Hunter Hayes, Maddie & Tae, Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber and more.
Rome's military confederation with the other peoples of the Italian peninsula meant that half of Rome's army was provided by the Socii, such as the Etruscans, Umbrians, Apulians, Campanians, Samnites, Lucani, Bruttii, and the various southern Greek cities. Polybius states that Rome could draw on 770,000 men at the beginning of the Second Punic War, of which 700,000 were infantry and 70,000 met the requirements for cavalry. Rome's Italian allies would be organized in alae, or wings, roughly equal in manpower to the Roman legions, though with 900 cavalry instead of 300.
Potato family ( Solanaceae) Potato family ( Solanaceae)The importance of plants Edible plants Medicinal plants Cultivation of plants Plant contest Potato family Potato ( Solanum tuberosum L) is a Solanaceae that produces potatoes The Potato family (Nightshade family) - Solanaceae - comprises about 2500 species of plants spread all over the world but mainly in tropical America. They are herbs, trees and shrubs. Many of these species are very important for mankind because of their value as food ( Potatoes, tomatoes, peppers, etc.,), because of their alkaloid properties ( tobacco, deadly nightshade, Thorn-apple, henbane, mandrake, etc.) and as garden plants. Datura meteloides Leaves (1): alternate, undivided or slightly lobed, without stipules. Stems (2 ): upright or low-growing, many climbing. Flowers: bearing radial symmetry, generally bell-shaped or cup- shaped; solitary or in cymes. Calyx (3): 5 sepals Corolla (4): 5 petals. Stamens: 5Ovary: superior with 2 carpels. Capsule of "Datura stramonium L."Style: 1Fruit (5): capsule or berry. Genera The most important ones are the following: ATROPA CAPSICUM CESTRUM DATURAHYOSCYAMUS LYCIUM LYCOPERSICON MANDRAGORANICOTIANA PHYSALIS SALPICHROA SOLANUM (Solanum nigrum)Solanumtuberosum) TRIGUERA WITHANIABACK TO FAMILIESHOMEOther interesting articles This material is for informational purposes only. In case of doubt, consult the doctor. "Botanical" is not responsible for damages caused by self-medication. 
- 1 Brush loin steaks with a little oil and season with salt and pepper. 2  Place steaks carefully into a hot frying pan and fry for 1 minute each side. 3  Remove from pan and place onto roasting tray beside apples. 4  Cook in centre of oven for 20-25 minutes Serve with Buttered New Potatoes and a Selection of Seasonal Vegetables. Place the apples onto a roasting tray. 2  Brush loin steaks with a little oil and season with salt and pepper. 3  Place steaks carefully into a hot frying pan and fry for 1 minute each side. 4  Remove from pan and place onto roasting tray beside apples.
See How Your Baby Grows: Age-by-Age Growth Chart for Children Curious about your baby's development? Follow our age-by-age growth chart to see the average height and weight your child should have as he grows from baby to big kid. Learn about your baby's healthy growth standards and benchmarks. By Hallie Levine Sklar from Parents Magazine Facebook Pinterest Twitter Email Birth Anna Palma The average newborn is 19.5 inches long and weighs 7.25 pounds. Boys have a head circumference of about 13.5 inches and girls measure in at 13.3 inches, according to the National Center for Health Statistics. Baby Growth Charts: Calculate Height and Weight Charting Baby's Development Birth to 4 Days Old Fancy Photography/Veer A baby drops 5 to 10 percent of his total body weight in his first few days of life because of the fluid he loses through urine and stool, says Parents advisor Ari Brown, M. D., author of Baby 411. Your Guide to Baby's Weight Gain5 Days to 3 Months Kaysh Shinn Babies gain about an ounce a day on average during this period, or half a pound per week, and they should be back to their birthweight by their second-week visit. Expect a growth surge around 3 weeks and then another one at 6 weeks. Boost Physical Development: 0-3 Months Find the Best Baby Bottles3 Months to 6 Months Heather Weston A baby should gain about half a pound every two weeks. By 6 months, she should have doubled her birthweight. Boost Physical Development: 3-6 Months Stock Up on Affordable Baby Clothes7 Months to 12 Months Alexandra Grablewski A child is still gaining about a pound a month. If you're nursing, your baby may not gain quite this much, or he may dip slightly from one percentile to another on the growth chart. "At this point, babies may also burn more calories because they're starting to crawl or cruise," says Tanya Altmann, M. D., a Los Angeles pediatrician and author of Mommy Calls. Even so, by the time he reaches his first birthday, expect him to have grown 10 inches in length and tripled his birthweight and his head to have grown by about 4 inches. Boost Physical Development: 6-9 Months Boost Physical Development: 9-12 Months Growth for Toddlers, Preschoolers, and Big Kids Age 1i Stock Toddlers will grow at a slower pace this year but will gain about a half a pound a month and will grow a total of about 4 or 5 inches in height. Charting Your Child's Growth and Development Boost Large Motor Skills: 12-18 Months Age 2Kathryn Gamble A kid will sprout about 3 more inches by the end of her third year and will have quadrupled her birthweight by gaining about 4 more pounds. By now, your pediatrician will be able to make a fairly accurate prediction about her adult height. Find Out How Tall Your Child Will Be Boost Large Motor Skills: 18-24 Months Ages 3 and 4Lara Robby A preschooler will grow about 3 inches and gain 4 pounds each year. You may also find that your child starts to shed the baby fat from his face and looks lankier, since kids' limbs grow more by the time they are preschoolers, says Daniel Rauch, M. D., associate professor of pediatrics at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, in New York City. Ages 5+Fancy Photography/Veer Kids will grow about 2 inches and gain 4 pounds each year until puberty (usually between 8 and 13 for girls and 10 and 14 for boys). Girls often reach their full height about two years after their first period. Boys usually hit their adult height around age 17. How Tall Will Your Baby Be? Aimee Herring Most pediatricians do a rough estimate based on the following formulas: For Boys Add 5 inches to Mom's height and average that number with Dad's height. For Girls Subtract 5 inches from Dad's height, and average that number with Mom's height. Originally published in the March 2011 issue of Parents magazine. 
Can I test my oven temperature without an oven thermometer? Preheat oven to 350F. Start with 1 cup of room temperature water and check its temperature with an immersion thermometer. Adjust the temperature with either warm or cold water to make it 70F. place in oven for 15 minutes.Check temperature again and it should read 150F.Adjust oven temperature accordingly.Another way to check oven temp is to simply boil water. Put a couple of cups of water in an oven proof pan and set the oven temp to 200F or 90C, the water shouldn't boil no matter how long you leave it in the oven.heck temperature again and it should read 150F. Adjust oven temperature accordingly. Another way to check oven temp is to simply boil water. Put a couple of cups of water in an oven proof pan and set the oven temp to 200F or 90C, the water shouldn't boil no matter how long you leave it in the oven.
Dark matter is not uniformly distributed - that's dark energy.  But gravity alone doesn't make clumps - two particles, only interacting by their mutual gravity, will oscillate back and forth forever. You need something to slow them down, so that the the peaks get lower and lower until they're stuck.  With protoplanetary dust, that comes from the electromagnetic force, which is what makes collisions collisions - when two objects meet, they interact and their kinetic energy can be transformed to heat, with friction and other effects, and they slow down. Dark matter clumps would just silently pass through each other.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
What Is the Amount of Matter in an Object Called? Full Answer. The amount of an object's mass contained within the physical space it occupies, which is its volume, determines its density. Like weight, the density of an object is a different property than its mass. The density of an object is equal to its mass divided by its volume.
9/10 Geometers agree, Nepal has the coolest flag
Anita Sarko Anita Sarko (c. 1947 – October 18, 2015) was an American DJ and journalist. She grew up in Detroit. attended the University of Arizona and graduated from the Michigan State University. She moved to New York City in 1979 and was soon the DJ in the VIP room at the legendary Mudd Club where she was known for the extraordinarily eclectic array of music she played. In 1983 she began spinning at another legendary NYC nightspot Danceteria. In 1985 she went to work for Studio 54 founder Steve Rubell at his new club the Palladium, becoming the musical mainstay of the Mike Todd room. Later she became a journalist and wrote for such publications as "Paper", "Interview" and "Playboy". Sarko committed suicide at the age of 68. She was survived by her husband, Erzen Krivca.
Imagine a web server to be a bit like the queue at the post office. Most bigger websites have more than one cashier (server). In the queue, there are lots of people like you and me, asking the servers for a page. DDofS is basically when you get all your mates to queue up, and when they get to the front of the queue, they make some random request. If you have enough mates, this stops anyone who actually needs to use the post office from doing so, because the queue is so long. Except that it's not just your mates that you get to queue up. You basically use some kind of malware (virus, etc) to take over computers all over the world, hundreds of thousands of them, and get *all* of them to queue up. Each computer spends so little time in the queue that its owners probably won't even realise it's busy doing things it shouldn't be doing. But there are so many of them that it's impossible for any individual person to join the queue and guarantee to be served.
Maria Sharapova Maria Yuryevna Sharapova (Russian: Мари́я Ю́рьевна Шара́пова ; ] ; born April 19, 1987) is a Russian professional tennis player. A United States resident since 1994, Sharapova has competed on the WTA tour since 2001. She has been ranked world No. 1 in singles by the WTA on five separate occasions, for a total of 21 weeks. She is one of ten women, and the only Russian, to hold the career Grand Slam. She is also an Olympic medalist, having earned silver for Russia in women's singles at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
tieing Home Dictionary Definitions tieingtieing Use tieing in a sentenceverb Tieing, commonly spelled as tying, is defined as forming a knot or a connection between two or more people. An example of tieing is to form a bow in a scarf. Your Dictionary definition and usage example. Copyright © 2018 by Love To Know Corp Link/Citetieing Verb Present participle of tie; alternative spelling of tying. English Wiktionary. Available under CC-BY-SA license. Link/Cite Sentence Examples Galvayning is accomplished by bending the horse's neck round at an angle of thirty-five to forty degrees and tieing the halter to the tail, so that when he attempts to walk forward he holds himself and turns " round and round, almost upon his own ground. "Also Mentioned In Joseph Furphy Words near tieing in the dictionarytied-oiltied-one-ontied-uptiedowntieingtieletielesstiemakertiemakerstiemannite 
How long after Mirena insertion can you have unprotected sex? Hi Well have just had something inserted in you uterus so this could have upset you womb that could be the reason of the absence of your period. But waiting the 8 days were right for not having unprotected sex, so your OK there, but your periods do wain after 3 months and should be gone by the year after fitting. The opinions expressed here are solely those of the User.The opinions expressed here are solely those of the User.
Curfew bell Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard (1750), whose opening lines are: T. S. Eliot "Gus the theater cat" ("Old possum's book of practical cats") Curfew bell The curfew bell was a bell rung in the evening in Medieval England as the curfew signal for everyone to go to bed. A bell was rung usually around eight o'clock in the evening which meant for them to cover their fires - deaden or cover up, not necessarily put out altogether. The usual procedure was at the sound of the curfew bell the burning logs were removed from the centre of the hearth
- Opening statements outline the facts that the attorneys expect to prove during the trial. An opening statement should present the jury with an orderly and easy to understand version of the case from the attorney's perspective.
Critics labelled Gaddafi "despotic, cruel, arrogant, vain and stupid", with western governments and press presenting him as the "vicious dictator of an oppressed people". During the Reagan administration, the United States regarded him as "Public Enemy No. 1" and Reagan famously dubbed him the "mad dog of the Middle East". According to critics, the Libyan people lived in a climate of fear under Gaddafi's administration, due to his government's pervasive surveillance of civilians. Gaddafi's Libya was typically described by western commentators as "a police state". Opponents were critical of Libya's human rights abuses; according to Human Rights Watch (HRW) and others, hundreds of arrested political opponents often failed to receive a fair trial, and were sometimes subjected to torture or extrajudicial execution, most notably in the Abu Salim prison, including an alleged massacre on 29 June 1996 in which HRW estimated that 1,270 prisoners were massacred. Dissidents abroad or "stray dogs" were also publicly threatened with death and sometimes killed by government hit squads. His government's treatment of non-Arab Libyans has also came in for criticism from human rights activists, with native Berbers, Italians, Jews, refugees, and foreign workers all facing persecution in Gaddafist Libya. According to journalist Annick Cojean and psychologist Seham Sergewa, Gaddafi and senior officials raped and imprisoned hundreds or thousands of young women and reportedly raped several of his female bodyguards. Gaddafi's government was frequently criticized for not being democratic, with Freedom House consistently giving Libya under Gaddafi the "Not Free" ranking for civil liberties and political rights.
How to Fix a Radon Problem/Radon Mitigation How to Fix a Radon Problem/Radon Mitigation When to Take Action To help you protect your health and the health of your family, you should take action to fix your home if the result of one long-term test or the average of two short-term tests are 4 p Ci/l or higher, and not on a single short-term screening test only. The higher the radon level in your home, the faster you should take action to reduce your exposure. The EPA and the Nevada Division of Public and Behavioral Health believe that you should try to reduce your radon levels as much as possible. Most homes can be reduced to 4.0 p Ci/l or lower. If your home has a radon problem, it can be fixed by installing a radon mitigation system in the home. EPA and the Nevada Division of Public and Behavioral Health recommends that you get a certified or licensed radon mitigation contractor to install the system. Certified Radon Contractors A radon mitigation contractor is a professional who can fix your home to reduce the radon level. Lowering high radon levels requires technical knowledge and special skills. The EPA and Nevada Division of Public and Behavioral Health recommend the use of individuals who have been trained, passed an examination and are certified to provide radon mitigation services. To assist Nevada citizens, the Nevada Radon Education Program has compiled a list of Certified Mitigation Professionals in Nevada. Radon professionals are certified through one of the two national voluntary radon proficiency programs — the National Radon Proficiency Program (NRPP) and the National Radon Safety Board (NRSB). Both organizations list certified radon professionals on their websites: National Radon Proficiency Program (AARST-NRPP)National Radon Safety Board (NRSB)You can also contact Nevada Division of Public and Behavioral Health, Radiation Control Program at 775-687-7550 for more information on hiring radon professionals. Certified radon professionals will review testing guidelines and measurement results to determine the necessity for mitigation. He or she will evaluate the radon situation; provide a written and detailed proposal for mitigation; design the radon mitigation system; install the system according to EPA Standards; and verify that the completed system is functioning and effective. You should ask to see a photo identification card of your radon professional. The radon professional's identification number should be noted in the test report and other documents. Fixing It Yourself If you plan to fix the problem in your home yourself, the Nevada Division of Public and Behavioral Health has purchased and distributed to every public library in Nevada, a copy of "Protecting Your Home From Radon," Second Edition, D. L. Kladder with Dr. J. F. Burkhart and S. R. Jelinek, ISBN 0-9639434-0-5, which is designed for the do-it-yourselfer. University of Nevada Cooperative Extension's Radon Education Program also has copies of this book. For more information, call 1-888-RADON10 (1-888-723-6610) to obtain a copy. NEVADANS: Mail-in coupon to purchase "Protecting Your Home From Radon" by check. NEVADANS: Order "Protecting Your Home From Radon" through Eventbrite's online ordering service using all major credit cards. NON-NEVADANS: Mail-in coupon to purchase "Protecting Your Home From Radon" by check. NON-NEVADANS: Order "Protecting Your Home From Radon" through Eventbrite's online ordering service using all major credit cards. What Else You Can Do To Lower Risk If you have to wait a while before you can reduce your radon problem, the EPA recommends these immediate steps to reduce risk: Stop smoking and discourage smoking in your home. This reduces an overall risk of lung cancer. Spend less time in areas where radon may be concentrated, such as the basement (lowest living area of the home). Open windows and turn on fans to increase air flow. Good ventilation helps radon disperse naturally. If your home has a crawl space, make sure the vents are fully open all year long. However, in some climates, this may result in an energy loss o
Algerian War From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Not to be confused with Algerian Civil War. Algerian War الثورة الجزائريةTagrawla Tadzayrit Guerre d'Algérie Part of the Cold War and decolonisation of Africa Collage of the French war in Algeria Date 1 November 1954 – 19 March 1962 (7 years, 4 months, 2 weeks and 4 days)Location Algeria Result Military stalemate, [1] [2] [3] [4]FLN political victory, Évian Accords, Algerian Independence, End of the French colonial empire [5] [6] [7] [8] Collapse of the Fourth French Republic and establishment of the Fifth Republic Territorial changes Independence of Algeria Belligerents FLNMNAPCAFrance Supported by: NATOFAF (1960–61)OAS (1961–62)Commanders and leaders Mourad Didouche †Mustapha Benboulaïd†Larbi Ben M'Hidi Ali La Pointe †Ahmed Zabana Youcef Zighoud †Benali Boudghène †Bachir Chihani †Ali Mallah †Colonel Amirouche †Saadi Yacef Politicians: Abane Ramdane †Ferhat Abbas Houari Boumedienne Hocine Aït Ahmed Ahmed Ben Bella Krim Belkacem Frantz Fanon Rabah Bitat Mohamed Boudiaf Ali Kafi Ahmed Tewfik El Madani Ahmed Francis Mohamed Khider Benyoucef Benkhedda Abdelhamid Mehri Mohamed Lamine Debaghine Saad Dahlab Mohammed Seddik Benyahia Amar Ouamrane Lakhdar Ben Tobbal Abdelhafid Boussouf Saïd Mohammedi Ibrahim Mazhoudi Alphonse Djamate (1955–62) Paul Cherrière (1954–55) Henri Lorillot (1955–56)Raoul Salan (1956–58)Jacques Massu (1956–60)Paul Aussaresses Maurice Challe (1958–60) Jean Crepin (1960–61)Fernand Gambiez (1961)Pierre Lagaillarde Raoul Salan Edmond Jouhaud Jean-Jacques Susini Said Boualam Strength300,000 identified 40,000 civilian support 470,000 (maximum reached and maintained from 1956 to 1962) [9] 1.5 million total mobilized [10] more than 90,000 Harkis3,000 (OAS)Casualties and losses140,000 [11] to 152,863 FLN soldiers [12] [13] including 12,000 internal purges [14]25,600 dead [15]19,600 killed in action6,000 non combat deaths65,000 wounded100 dead (OAS) 2,000 jailed (OAS)300,000 (including 55,000 to 60,000 civilians) [16] Algerian casualties 1 million Europeans forced to flee [17]2,000,000 Algerians resettled or displaced [18] [19] [ show]v t e Algerian War The Algerian War, also known as the Algerian War of Independence or the Algerian Revolution ( Arabic: الثورة الجزائرية Al-thawra Al-Jazaa'iriyya ;, Berber languages: Tagrawla Tadzayrit ;, French: Guerre d'Algérie or Révolution algérienne) was a war between France and the Algerian National Liberation Front ( French: Front de Libération Nationale – FLN) from 1954 to 1962, which led to Algeria gaining its independence from France. An important decolonization war, it was a complex conflict characterized by guerrilla warfare, maquis fighting, and the use of torture by both sides. The conflict also became a civil war between the different communities and within the communities. [20] The war took place mainly on the territory of Algeria, with repercussions in metropolitan France. Effectively started by members of the National Liberation Front (FLN) on November 1, 1954, during the Toussaint Rouge ("Red All Saints' Day "), the conflict led to serious political crises in France, causing the fall of the Fourth French Republic (1946–58) replaced by the Fifth Republic with a strengthened Presidency. The brutality of the methods employed by the French forces failed to win hearts and minds in Algeria, alienated support in metropolitan France and discredited French prestige abroad. [21] [22]After major demonstrations in Algiers and several other cities in favor of independence (1960) [23] [24] and a United Nations resolution recognizing the right to independence, [25] De Gaulle decided to open a series of negotiations with the FLN. These concluded with the signing of the Évian Accords in March 1962. A referendum took place on 8 April 1962 and the French electorate approved the Évian Accords. The final result was 91% in favor of the ratification of this agreement [26] and on 1 July, the Accords were subject to a second referendum in Algeria, where 99.72% voted for independence and just 0.28% against. [27]The plann
iPhone 1 Connect your iPhone or iPad to your computer and open iTunes. 2  Select the icon for your device in the upper-left corner of the screen. 3  In the “ Settings ” section, select “ Summary ” on the left pane.4  Check the “ Manually manage music and videos ” selection. Connect your iPhone or iPad to your computer and open iTunes. 2  Select the icon for your device in the upper-left corner of the screen. 3  In the “ Settings ” section, select “ Summary ” on the left pane.
Tooth wear due to bruxism (teeth grinding). - Teeth worn down by bruxism. When teeth have been worn down from a habit of tooth clenching and grinding: 1  All of the upper front teeth usually have a similar length. 2  Instead of having gently rounded contours, their biting edges are frequently worn straight across.old has a wear coefficient that's similar to enamel, which means it won't cause excessive damage to opposing teeth. And since it's a metal, crowns made out of it are unlikely to fracture. Of course, the big disadvantage of this type of restoration is its appearance.
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
probably, wouldnt be hard for comcast to update their filter though... and it would be hard to keep track of for users. a VPN would be easier, though perhaps the VPNs would get blocked too.
What Does a Plant Physiologist Do? A plant physiologist is a scientist who concentrates on studying, understanding and often teaching the integral biological processes of plants. These professionals spend most of their time conducting research on certain elements of plant life. This can include flower pigmentation, tree root structures or the science of species reproduction and mutation, among other things. The work that a plant physiologist can engage in is very broad, and the profession is home to a great many career paths. Plant physiology encompasses more than straight plant biology. Biology and the organic nature of plant life is foundational, but the day-to-day work of an average plant physiologist involves a high degree of both chemistry and math. Physiologists study the internal workings of plants, often on a cellular level. Enzyme patterns, protein synthesis and genetic expressions are all substantial parts of the job. Many plant physiologists are affiliated with universities. The percentage might vary from country to country, but in most places, the preponderance of jobs in the field is within academia. Scientists in school settings teach students the basics of organic physiology while engaging in independent research. Most of the time, a plant physiologist has one or two main areas of study. In this way, he or she can be something of an expert in a certain area. Plant physiologist requirements almost always include extensive education, and graduate school programs — particularly doctorate programs — usually are where these scientists hone their expertise and define their professional areas of work. Ad A minority of plant physiologists work in private industry, often for horticultural associations, botanical gardens or naturopathic medicine manufacturers. Their understanding — not just of how plants grow but also why and how they grow — makes them valuable to many groups. The scientists are often able to help cultivate and optimize new plants as well as isolate certain genes and proteins that can be used beneficially by humans. Physiologists who specialize in plant extracts and chemical harvesting are sometimes recruited by government agencies to help research biologically based cures for diseases. Plant physiologist jobs of this sort are often set in national labs. Physiologists work with teams of other scientists to find beneficial ways of either extracting plant matter from existing organisms or growing specialized plants that are optimized for certain chemical make-ups or excretions. Government groups might also hire plant physiologists in advisory capacities. These scientists often act as experts for lawmakers who otherwise would not understand the critical processes behind the manufacturing of drugs and natural supplements. Plant physiologist duties in this setting often include testing safe limits for plant compounds in dietary supplements and helping craft regulation of pharmaceutical manufacturing companies. Ad 
Robert Gordon University Robert Gordon University Robert Gordon University, commonly called RGU, is a public university in the city of Aberdeen, Scotland. It became a university in 1992, and originated from an educational institution founded in the 18th century by Robert Gordon, a prosperous Aberdeen merchant, and various institutions which provided adult education and technical education in the 19th and early 20th centuries. It is one of two universities in the city (the other is the much older University of Aberdeen). According to the 2013 "Times Good University Guide" it is the best modern university in the UK, while according to "The Guardian
Why is there an "en" in "Personne n'a écrit un livre sur comment en lire"?
Million Dollar Quartet "Million Dollar Quartet" is a recording of an impromptu jam session involving Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, and Johnny Cash made on December 4, 1956, at the Sun Record Studios in Memphis, Tennessee. An article about the session was published in the "Memphis Press-Scimitar" under the title "Million Dollar Quartet". The recording was first released in Europe in 1981 as "The Million Dollar Quartet" with 17 tracks. A few years later more tracks were discovered and released as "The Complete Million Dollar Session". In 1990, the recordings were released in the United States as "Elvis Presley - The Million Dollar Quartet". This session is considered a seminal moment in rock and roll.
Difference between the RamBam and Talmud Kiddushin 82a in list of jobs that posul a King/High Priest?
The Cherry Orchard to become – failed shamans, whose magic does not work though it has cost them everything to perform." The Japanese film "Sakura no Sono" (2008) is about a drama group in a girls-only private high school putting on a production of "The Cherry Orchard". It is based on a previous film and a manga of the same name. The play has a role in the comedy film "Henry's Crime" (2011). The Cherry Orchard The Cherry Orchard () is the last play by Russian playwright Anton Chekhov. Written in 1903, it was first published by "Znaniye" (Book Two, 1904), and came
because look at california. things get put to referendum vote and they vote down tax increases and vote up spending programs. then... bankruptcy
Reverse animation on a second click
Sacred Vessels and Vestments A confessional is an enclosed stall in a church divided by a screen or curtain in which a priest sits to hear people confess their sins. Mitre. A mitre is a tall headdress worn by bishops and senior abbots as a symbol of office, tapering to a point at front and back with a deep cleft between.
Street sweeper From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about devices for cleaning streets. For the shotgun so named, see Armsel Striker. "Street cleaner" redirects here. For the 1989 industrial metal album, see Streetcleaner (album). "Sweepers" redirects here. For the 1998 film, see Sweepers (film). A compact street sweeper tackles litter in Mexico City Street sweeper in Paseo de la Reforma in Mexico City A street sweeper or street cleaner may refer to a person's occupation, or a machine that cleans streets. A street sweeper cleans the streets, usually in an urban area. Street sweepers have been employed in cities since sanitation and waste removal became a priority. A street-sweeping person would use a broom and shovel to clean off litter, animal waste and filth that accumulated on streets. Later, water hoses were used to wash the streets. Machines were created in the 19th century to do the job more efficiently. Today, modern street sweepers are mounted on truck bodies and can vacuum debris that accumulates in streets. Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 Mechanical sweepers in the United Kingdom1.2 Mechanical sweepers in the United States1.3 Technological advancement2 Modern sweepers2.1 Modern sweepers in Asia3 See also4 References5 External links History [ edit]Mechanical sweepers in the United Kingdom [ edit]Mechanical street sweeper by Joseph Whitworth Monument of street sweeper in St. Petersburg, in Russia By the 1840s, Manchester, England, had become known as the first industrial city. Manchester was home to the first passenger rail service in the world and had one of the largest textile industries of that time. As a result, the robust metropolis was said to be England’s unhealthiest place to live. [1] In response to this unsanitary environment, Joseph Whitworth invented the mechanical street sweeper. The street sweeper was designed with the primary objective to remove trash from streets in order to maintain aesthetic goals and safety. [2] [3]Mechanical sweepers in the United States [ edit]The very first street sweeping machine was patented in 1849 by its inventor, C. S. Bishop. For a long time, street sweepers were just rotating disks covered with wire bristles. These rotating disks served as mechanical brooms that swept the dirt on the streets. [4]A common misconception is that Charles Brooks invented the street sweeper in America in 1896. Brooks' design, far from being the "first street sweeper," was just a variation of what already existed, and the patent for it was among the more than 300 street sweeper patents issued in the United States before 1900. Most 19th-century sweepers, including the one in Brooks' patent, were horsecarts with no engine on board. The wheels on the cart turned gears or chains which drove the brush and belt. The first self-propelled sweeper vehicle patented in the USA, driven by steam engine and intended for cleaning railroad tracks was patented in 1868, patent #79606. Eureka C. Bowne was the first known woman to get a patent for a street sweeper in 1879, patent #222447. "Her success was great," wrote Matilda Joslyn Gage in The North American Review, Volume 136, Issue 318, May 1883. [5]John M. Murphy called at the offices of American Tower and Tank Company in Elgin, Illinois, in the fall of 1911. He had a plan of a motor driven pickup street sweeper. The American Tower and Tank Company had been formed in 1903 by Charles A. Whiting and James Todd. They called in a recently acquired silent partner, Daniel M. Todd, and it was decided to hire Mr. Murphy and begin the development of his idea. That started what has become the Elgin Sweeper Company. [6]After two years of trial, development, experimentation, and research, a sweeper was achieved which Murphy was satisfied performed all of the sweeping functions in the manner he had envisioned – one which partners James and Daniel M. Todd and Charles A. Whiting were willing to risk a reputation gained from 30 years manufacturing experience. [6]In the fall of 1913, the City of Boise, Idaho, purchased the first Elgin Sweepe
Most languages today, even in countries that have no direct link to Greco-Roman culture, use some variant of the name "Neptune" for the planet. However, in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, the planet's name was translated as "sea king star" (海王星), because Neptune was the god of the sea. In Mongolian, Neptune is called Dalain Van (Далайн ван), reflecting its namesake god's role as the ruler of the sea. In modern Greek the planet is called Poseidon (Ποσειδώνας, Poseidonas), the Greek counterpart of Neptune. In Hebrew, "Rahab" (רהב), from a Biblical sea monster mentioned in the Book of Psalms, was selected in a vote managed by the Academy of the Hebrew Language in 2009 as the official name for the planet, even though the existing Latin term "Neptun" (נפטון) is commonly used. In Māori, the planet is called Tangaroa, named after the Māori god of the sea. In Nahuatl, the planet is called Tlāloccītlalli, named after the rain god Tlāloc.
In October 1961, Nasser embarked on a major nationalization program for Egypt, believing the total adoption of socialism was the answer to his country's problems and would have prevented Syria's secession. In order to organize and solidify his popular base with Egypt's citizens and counter the army's influence, Nasser introduced the National Charter in 1962 and a new constitution. The charter called for universal health care, affordable housing, vocational schools, greater women's rights and a family planning program, as well as widening the Suez Canal.
Psoriatic Arthritis: Prognosis, Life Expectancy, and Quality of Life Psoriatic Arthritis: Prognosis, Life Expectancy, and Quality of Life Prognosis Life expectancy Quality of life Research Effects Well-being The big questions If you or a loved one has been diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis (Ps A), you’re likely wondering how this condition will impact your life, both now and in the future. What’s the outlook for people with Ps A? Can it affect your life expectancy? How does it influence your quality of life? Keep reading to find out more. Prognosis Prognosis for psoriatic arthritis Ps A can be a serious chronic inflammatory condition that can cause significant pain and disability. However, you can manage your condition through medications and lifestyle changes. In most cases, the joint pain and inflammation caused by Ps A respond well to treatment and rarely cause severe deformities. Life expectancy Life expectancy: What you need to know While there’s no known cure for Ps A, there are medications that can treat the associated symptoms. Ps A is not life-threatening. Some research suggests that people with Ps A have a slightly shorter life expectancy than the general population. This is similar to other autoimmune diseases like rheumatoid arthritis. Those with Ps A also face a 60 percent greater mortality risk, mainly due to increased cardiovascular disease. If you have severe Ps A, talk to your doctor about taking a stronger medication or using a combination of drugs to ease your symptoms and to prevent chronic inflammation. Quality of life How psoriatic arthritis hurts quality of life Ps A causes many challenging symptoms that can greatly affect your quality of life. The symptoms can include:joint paininflammationstiffnesstirednessdecreased range of motion Symptoms can make it tough to complete everyday activities, such as opening doors or lifting grocery bags. Not being able to do these tasks can trigger emotional distress. Research Quality of life research It’s no secret that Ps A is debilitating: In a review published in Pharmacy and Therapeutics, researchers looked at 49 studies to compare quality-of-life outcomes for people with Ps A to the general population. Those with the condition experienced a “lower health-related quality of life.” They also experienced decreased physical function and an increased risk of mortality. Effects Dual effects Other research found that patients with both psoriasis and Ps A may have more difficulty functioning than those with psoriasis alone. The review showed that people who have psoriasis experience a significantly lower quality of life than those who have other chronic conditions. Adding joint pain and stiffness to the mix can cause an even greater impact on daily activities. Well-being Decreased well-being There are a number of ways that Ps A can compromise your quality of life. You may experience psychological effects because of the condition and remove yourself from social situations. Researchers recorded other negative aspects of the condition, such as impairment of daily activities and unhappiness about the way that their condition is treated. 
This Amazon customer review text does not contain any counterfactual statements.
Moline Plow Company Company (both of Minneapolis, Minnesota), to form the Minneapolis-Moline Power Implement Company. 5. http://MolinePlowCo.Com Moline Plow Company The Moline Plow Company was an American manufacturer of plows and other farm implements, headquartered in Moline, Illinois, USA. Moline Plow was formed in the 1870s when the firm of Candee & Swan, a competitor of Deere and Company (also of Moline), won a lawsuit against Deere allowing it to use the "Moline Plow" name. Reorganized under the new name, it built a line of horse-drawn plows and other implements to serve the large American agricultural market. The implement line included wagons and
Giovanni Tadolini Giovanni Tadolini (18 October 1789 – 29 November 1872) was an Italian composer, conductor and singing instructor, who enjoyed a career that alternated between Bologna and Paris. Tadolini is probably best known for completing six sections of Rossini's 1833 version of the "Stabat mater" after the latter fell sick. However, he also composed eight operas as well as sinfonias, sonatas, chamber music, and numerous pieces of religious music and art songs.
Navajo Athabaskan languages located in Canada may still comprehend the Navajo language despite the geographic and linguistic deviation of the languages. Additionally, some Navajos speak Navajo Sign Language, which is either a dialect or daughter of Plains Sign Talk, as well as some being speakers of Plains Sign Talk itself. Archaeological and historical evidence suggests the Athabaskan ancestors of the Navajos and Apaches entered the Southwest around 1400 CE. The Navajo oral tradition is said to retain references of this migration. Until contact with Pueblos and the Spanish, the Navajos were largely hunters and gatherers. The tribe adopted crop-farming techniques from
Obviously the defective immune systems vary to a degree so the "bubble boy" is only the most direst of cases. They may have limited access to places but the short answer is that they rely on something called "herd immunity." In the worst diseases, they are either globally rare or we usually have a vaccine for the bug. Statistically, the lower you keep the total proportion of the population with the disease, the lower the risks of eventual flare ups or mutations, like the difference in danger of wildfire between lighting a match and a campfire in a forest. This is why anti-vaxxers are the worst. They're saying I'm willing to weaken the herd immunity for my own unscientific reasons at the cost of those who truly have no choice to refuse vaccination because they actual have defective immune systems. The average bubble boy gets protected from the disease because we've prevented some the worst afflictions through vaccines such that the literal bubble boy doesn't truly need to exist.
Why does it take PayPal 3 - 5 days to transfer money to my bank? Greg Colton, Payments expert and consultant. AAP, BSA/AML, Compliance. TPPPs, MSBs Updated Jan 4, 2017 · Upvoted by Ryan Knight, Worked at Pay Pal for 4+ years (including the early days) · Author has 1k answers and 974.6k answer views So much bad information in this thread. As an an industry certified Acredited ACH Professional (AAP), I will try to correct the bad information. If you send a transaction by the Pay Pal designated cutoff time, and it is a day when the Federal Reserve is open, Pay Pal will batch transactions and get them to the Federal Reserve before their cutoff (about 1am Central of the next day, 11pm pacific of the same day of transaction). They use ACH to debit the transaction from the merchant or sending side of the transaction, or a card transaction to debit the merchants bank. ACH and credit cards differ in that with credit cards the transactions are pre-approved and guaranteed, ACH is not. So once an ACH is debited, the receiving depository financial institution (RDFI) - merchant's/sender's bank, has 48 business hours to notify the originating depository financial institution (ODFI) - the Pay Pal side, of a returned transaction. Returns can be for one of many situations: closed accounts, bad account information, insufficient funds, etc. Because of the delay in receiving notification of bad funds, the Pay Pal risk mitigation process adds a few days of hold time to the transaction before a new transaction is created to credit the consumer side. You'll find proven good quality business accounts get credited immediately, because Pay Pal is willing to take the risk of bad funds being uncollectable because it is so rare and the value of working with business is so high. So it isn't one ACH transaction, it is two. One debit for Pay Pal to get the money, another to send out the money to you. There isn't a delay in the ACH network, Pay Pal intentionally creates the delay to mitigate risks inherent to the ACH system. The Federal Reserve is open Sunday-Thursday which debits/credits your account the next morning, not including holidays. Hope that helps. Best wishes.142.7k Views · View Upvoters 
Gestation period of chickens? Thomas Gerot 586 Contributions Gestation period of chickens? The gestation period (time of pregnancy) for a chicken is 22 days. Karin L. 270,239 Contributions There's more to raising cattle than throwing them out to pasture. Know your soil and plants to earn profit above ground and wealth below. What is a gestation period? The gestation period is a scientific term for the length of time, from conception to birth, an embryo turned fetus remains in the womb of its mother. It pertains to any specie …Laary C. 247,518 Contributions What is the gestation period of a snow leopard? The snow leopard has a gestation period of 90-100 days. To read more about the snow leopard on Answers.com, see the Related Link. What the is gestation period for frogs? 20 to 25 days i think What is the Gestation period for a Yorkshire terrier? 63 days from first breeding 63 days from first breeding What is the gestation period for a sheep? the gestation period for a sheep is 140 to 159 days Tanguy 66 Contributions What is a is a squirrels gestational period?depends on the size of the squirrel... small ones = approx 33 days larger ones= approx 60 youre average eastern grey squirrel will have a gestation period of around 44 days. What is the gestation period of shetland sheep? Around 148 days - around five months. James Mc Nay 124 Contributions What is a gestation period of a gunie pig?59 - 72 days Karin L. 270,239 Contributions There's more to raising cattle than throwing them out to pasture. Know your soil and plants to earn profit above ground and wealth below. What is a gestation period for a hawk? Hawks do not gestate. It is rather called incubation, where the eggs incubate via the mother and/or father hawk laying on the nest keep the eggs warm until they are ready …Karin L. 270,239 Contributions There's more to raising cattle than throwing them out to pasture. Know your soil and plants to earn profit above ground and wealth below. How long is a red tailed hawks gestation period? The incubation period (not gestation) of a Red-Tailed Hawk is around 28 to 35 days. Berwyn Squire 6,402 Contributions What is the gestation period of dwarf goats? It is approximately 150 days (5 months). 
About About Grantsburg, WI has a population of 1,251 people with a median age of 45.6 and a median household income of $30,536. Between 2014 and 2015 the population of Grantsburg, WI grew from 1,227 to 1,251, a 1.96% increase and its median household income grew from $30,417 to $30,536, a 0.39% increase. The population of Grantsburg, WI is 93% White, 3.52% Native, and 3.12% Two+. 1.81% of the people in Grantsburg, WI speak a non-English language, and 99% are U. S. citizens. The largest universities in Grantsburg, WI are Wisconsin Indianhead Technical College, with 1,778 graduates, University of Wisconsin-Superior, with 576 graduates, and Northland College, with 155 graduates. The median property value in Grantsburg, WI is $95,400, and the homeownership rate is 61.6%. Most people in Grantsburg, WI commute by Drove Alone, and the average commute time is 13.5 minutes. The average car ownership in Grantsburg, WI is 2 cars per household. Grantsburg, WI is a census place located in Burnett County, WI. It borders . Photo by Randen Pederson United States Wisconsin Burnett County Northwest Wisconsin PUMA, WIEconomy Wages Occupations Industries Health & Safety Coverage Hospital Care for Medicare Patients Health Risks Diversity Age Heritage Military Education Start Exploring Housing & Living Income Housing Transportation 
Health Risks of Being Overweight Health Risks of Being Overweight Overweight and obesity may increase the risk of many health problems, including diabetes, heart disease, and certain cancers. If you are pregnant, excess weight may lead to short- and long-term health problems for you and your child. This fact sheet tells you more about the links between excess weight and many health conditions. It also explains how reaching and maintaining a normal weight may help you and your loved ones stay healthier as you grow older. What kinds of health problems are linked to overweight and obesity? Excess weight may increase the risk for many health problems, includingtype 2 diabeteshigh blood pressureheart disease and strokescertain types of cancersleep apneaosteoarthritisfatty liver diseasekidney diseasepregnancy problems, such as high blood sugar during pregnancy, high blood pressure, and increased risk for cesarean delivery (C-section)How can I tell if I weigh too much? Gaining a few pounds during the year may not seem like a big deal. But these pounds can add up over time. How can you tell if your weight could increase your chances of developing health problems? Knowing two numbers may help you understand your risk: your body mass index (BMI) score and your waist size in inches. Body Mass Index The BMI is one way to tell whether you are at a normal weight, are overweight, or have obesity. It measures your weight in relation to your height and provides a score to help place you in a category:normal weight: BMI of 18.5 to 24.9overweight: BMI of 25 to 29.9obesity: BMI of 30 or higher Waist Size Another important number to know is your waist size in inches. Having too much fat around your waist may increase health risks even more than having fat in other parts of your body. Women with a waist size of more than 35 inches and men with a waist size of more than 40 inches may have higher chances of developing diseases related to obesity. Know your health numbers Below are some numbers to aim for. 1,2Measure Target Target BMI 18.5-24.9Waist Size Men: less than 40 in. Women: less than 35 in. Blood Pressure 120/80 mm Hg or less LDL (bad cholesterol) Less than 100 mg/dl HDL (good cholesterol) Men: more than 40 mg/dl Women: more than 50 mg/dl Triglycerides Less than 150 mg/dl Blood sugar (fasting) Less than 100 mg/dl Type 2 Diabetes What is type 2 diabetes? Type 2 diabetes is a disease in which blood sugar levels are above normal. High blood sugar is a major cause of heart disease, kidney disease, stroke, amputation, and blindness. In 2009, diabetes was the seventh leading cause of death in the United States. 3Type 2 diabetes is the most common type of diabetes. Family history and genes play a large role in type 2 diabetes. Other risk factors include a low activity level, poor diet, and excess body weight around the waist. In the United States, type 2 diabetes is more common among blacks, Latinos, and American Indians than among whites. 4How is type 2 diabetes linked to overweight? More than 87% of adults with diabetes are overweight or obese. 4 It isn't clear why people who are overweight are more likely to develop this disease. It may be that being overweight causes cells to change, making them resistant to the hormone insulin. Insulin carries sugar from blood to the cells, where it is used for energy. When a person is insulin resistant, blood sugar cannot be taken up by the cells, resulting in high blood sugar. In addition, the cells that produce insulin must work extra hard to try to keep blood sugar normal. This may cause these cells to gradually fail. How can weight loss help? If you are at risk for type 2 diabetes, losing weight may help prevent or delay the onset of diabetes. If you have type 2 diabetes, losing weight and becoming more physically active can help you control your blood sugar levels and prevent or delay health problems. Losing weight and exercising more may also allow you to reduce the amount of diabetes medicine you take. How much weight loss may prevent or delay diabetes? The National Institutes of Health sponsored 
Left: usually liberal. Expansion of government services, more regulation in the free market, for the hot-button talking-head issues, they're gun control, pro-choice, pro gay marriage.  Right: usually conservative. Reduction of government by decreased taxes and giving less money to welfare, but also somewhat contradictorally advocate for increased military spending because: the right is staunchly pro-business. Decreased regulation, less worker protection, etc. Pro-gun rights, pro-life, anti-gay marriage.
- German Shepherds are powerful and third most intelligent dogs in  the world. 75% of police dogs are German Shepherds. German  Shepherds have extremely powerful bite force an … d have defined  pointed ears (non-cropped) and thick fur which is usually tan with  a black sadle and dark snout. just finished watching a programme about German Shepherds used by the R.A.F., and one of the dogs on the obstacle course could reach speeds of up to 30 miles per hour!!
Half-mast the politburo of the ZANU–PF. Half-mast Half-mast refers to a flag flying on a ship and half-staff refers to a flag flying below the summit on a pole on land or on a building. In many countries this is seen as a symbol of respect, mourning, distress, or, in some cases, a salute. Strictly speaking, flags are said to be half-mast if flown from ships and half-staff if on land, although not all regional variations of English use "half-staff." The tradition of flying the flag at half-staff began in the 17th century. According to some sources, the flag is lowered
Top 10 Roller Coasters Kingda Ka reaches a height of 456 ft. (139 m), has a death-defying incline of 418 ft. (127 m) and, from a stationary position, can reach a speed of 128 m.p.h. in 3.5 seconds. To put that in perspective, it reaches 128 m.p.h. in the time it took you to read the words can reach a speed of 128 m.p.h. in 3.5 seconds.
- QVC offers an extensive benefits plan including matching of 401K, 3 weeks vacation, personal time without question, stock options for leadership, good life incentives and several healthcare options that are reasonable in cost for generous coverage. seconds ago. Edit • Delete.
This comment is not toxic.
U.F.O. (Coldplay song) "U.F.O." is a song by British rock band Coldplay. It was written by all four members of the band for their fifth studio album, "Mylo Xyloto". The album's opening track, "Mylo Xyloto" and "A Hopeful Transmission" are based on the chords from the second half of this song. After the song ends, the track includes a short instrumental section (reminiscent of "Prospekt's March/Poppyfields") that segues into the following track, "Princess of China". The track also features samples from a sample of Sigur Rós' "Takk...".
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my card payment?
Alcohol disrupts body's sleep regulator Newsletter MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003Search Log in Newsletter MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003Search Login Alcohol disrupts body's sleep regulator Published Thursday 11 December 2014By Catharine Paddock Ph DAround 20% of adult Americans use alcohol - known to be a powerful sleep inducer - to help them fall asleep. However, new research shows that while alcohol may bring on sleepiness, it can disrupt sleep and, over time, cause insomnia by interfering with the body's system for regulating sleep. Researchers found that alcohol interferes with sleep homeostasis - the brain's built-in mechanism that regulates sleepiness and wakefulness - and can lead to insomnia. Researchers from the University of Missouri (MU) School of Medicine in Columbia, MO, report their findings in the journal Alcohol. They have been studying the relationship between alcohol consumption and sleep for over 5 years. Lead researcher Mahesh Thakkar, associate professor and director of research in MU School of Medicine's Department of Neurology, says the prevailing view is that alcohol induces sleep by altering circadian rhythm - the body's 24-hour clock:"However," he adds, "we discovered that alcohol actually promotes sleep by affecting a person's sleep homeostasis - the brain's built-in mechanism that regulates your sleepiness and wakefulness. "Sleep homeostasis is how the body balances a person's need for sleep according to how long they have been awake. To do this, it uses adenosine, a chemical produced naturally in cells. The level of adenosine outside of cells goes up during prolonged periods of wakefulness and goes down again during sleep. When the extracellular adenosine level goes up, it blocks the wake-promoting cells in the basal forebrain. When it goes down again, the block is lifted, and the wake-promoting cells become active. Thus, if a person goes to sleep earlier than usual, the resulting shift in sleep homeostasis may cause them to wake up in the middle of the night or very early in the morning. Alcohol causes shift in sleep homeostasis by boosting adenosine The researchers carried out a series of experiments with mice and rats to study what happens to adenosine in the brain when alcohol is present. They found that alcohol boosts extracellular levels of adenosine, which in turn induces sleep by blocking the wake-promoting cells of the basal forebrain. Co-author Dr. Pradeep Sahota, chair of MU School of Medicine's Department of Neurology, says based on these results, "it's clear that alcohol should not be used as a sleep aid:""Alcohol disrupts sleep and the quality of sleep is diminished," he adds, "Additionally, alcohol is a diuretic, which increases your need to go the bathroom and causes you to wake up earlier in the morning. "In another part of the study, the researchers also investigated the effect of alcohol withdrawal on sleep. They found after extended periods of binge-drinking, sleep came quickly as expected, but within a few hours, wakefulness set in, preventing a return to sleep. Also, when alcohol was withdrawn, insomnia set in, as Prof. Thakkar explains:" During acute alcohol withdrawal, subjects displayed a significant increase in wakefulness with a reduction in rapid eye movement and non-rapid eye movement sleep. This caused insomnia-like symptoms and suggests an impaired sleep homeostasis. "The team now plans to take their studies further and explore other effects of alcohol consumption. 'Alcohol not a good way to solve sleep problems'Prof. Thakkar says we spend around a third of our lives sleeping. Add to that the fact around 20% of people drink alcohol to get to sleep, "it's vital that we understand how the two interact. "He also urges people not to use alcohol to solve their sleep problems:" Talk to your doctor or a sleep medicine physician to determine what factors are keeping you from sleeping. These factors can then be addressed with individualized treatments. "The researchers note in their background information that in the US, the "societal costs of alcohol-related
What does the slang word mojo mean? Answers.com ® Wiki Answers ® Categories Literature & Language Languages and Cultures English Language Literary Devices and Figures of Speech Idioms, Cliches, and Slang What does the slang word mojo mean? Flag What does the slang word mojo mean? Answer by Nolaje Confidence votes 213"Mojo means "finding the magic in what we do". To have "lost your mojo", refers to a loss of inspiration or creative genius; a loss of that special spark. The word has been around for almost 100 years, one source cites its use to as early as 1926. The term may have been recently popularized in one of the Austin Powers films starting Mike Myers, where he refers to 'mojo' as a combination of all the right stuff that makes a man successful. So, the term is used in a sexual context, referring to a man's libido, virility or ability to attract someone they like or would like as a mate. However, the word has African roots. It is said to refer to a small bag containing a magic charm (often a red flannel cloth) and herbs that is tied with a draw string and worn under clothes to bring good luck. In context of the arts, mojo brings inspiration. Mojo is used in other ways. For example, Jim Morrison of the Doors referred to himself as Mr. Mojo Risin'. It is an anagram of his name. Mojo is used to refer to Mobile Journalists - freelance journalists, reporters who don't have office space in the newsroom and sometimes bloggers. Mojo is a type of sauce, with varying degrees of spiciness, made of olive oil, garlic, paprika, cumin and citrus such as lemon, orange, lime or vinegar. It originated in the Canary Islands and variations are popular in Cuba, Puerto Rico and various Caribbean Islands. It is served on potatoes or with bread or as a marinade for pork. It is also used as a base for BBQ sauce.42 people found this useful Was this answer useful? Yes Somewhat No Mkalv 222 Contributions What does the slang word Rounder mean? This slang has multiple meanings. Some people use it to describe drunkards, others use it for thieves and burglars, and I've heard it used to describe shady people. What does the slang word tool mean?a jerk Hugh Emc 1 Contribution What is a slang word meaning clothes? Bel Wiff? Vines,Gear,Rags06 trp r18 76 Contributions What does the slang word uptight mean?too serious "Billy was really uptight last night. What is the slang word cooter mean? "Cooter" is a widespread regional term for a turtle or tortoise, especially among African American speakers. It derives from an African language through the Gullah dialect tha …What does the slang word KL mean?kuala lumpur What does the slang word bust mean? A) women's breasts b) police arrest usually with incriminating evidence at hand Sunnyleigh 19 Contributions What does the slang word you own mean?your the best What does the slang word geed mean? G'd up means gangstered up. Ie g'd up from the feet up. What does slang word jueputa mean? It is not actually an English slang word...."Jueputa" is the short-version of "Hijo de Puta" wich means "son of a b***" in spanish. I hope nobody had said that to you. What does the slang word cupcake mean?it means flirt.like That boy is straight cupcaking with that female. J. E. S. Hays 517,158 Contributions Wordsmith, world-builder, author What does the slang word miff mean? To be miffed is to be slightly angry or irritated. Answered In Idioms, Cliches, and Slang What does the slang word broad mean?a woman Answered In Idioms, Cliches, and Slang What does the slang word dunlop mean? Rhyming slang (UK/Australia) . Dunlop (tyre) : liar Slang Dunlop : the belly "done-lops" over thebelt. "Look at thatdude over there, he has a dunlop". Answered In Idioms, Cliches, and Slang What does the word crow mean in slang? It means 'weed' Yo do you smoke CROW. Yo do you smoke WEED. Answered In Jelly Beans What does the slang word jellybean mean?it means to be jealous Answered In Idioms, Cliches, and Slang What Does The Slang Word Popped Mean? Depends on the context, but normally "arrested" 
How can I benefit from a liberal arts education?
Anatomy Lesson 11 Circulatory System Anatomy Lesson 11 Circulatory System Lesson Objectives: Student will learn the circulatory system's role and purpose. Student will examine anatomy of the heart and the blood vessels. Student will recognize differences and function of arteries versus veins. Student will learn the circuit and travel of blood throughout the circulatory system. Student will understand that the organs of the circulatory system partner with other organs to enable the body to function. Systems such as the digestive system, immune system, and organs like the kidneys, liver and spleen work in close collaboration with the circulatory system so the body can function at its optimum. Student will understand blood pressure and pulse. Student will research a disorder of circulation, and describe physiological affects of a heart attack. Student will describe what an EKG is and how it can help diagnose heart disorders. Student will hypothesize how lifestyle choices can influence heart disease CIRCULATORY SYSTEM. The cardiovascular, or circulatory, system in humans is composed of the heart and the bloodvessels--arteries, veins, and capillaries. Its purpose is to provide nutrients and oxygen to the tissues and to remove wastes from them. It is also where the body fights infections. The human heart is a pear-shaped muscular organ about the size of a fist. A wall of muscle, the septum, divides the right side from the left. Each of these two sides is further divided into an atrium, or upper chamber, and a ventricle, or lower chamber. The human heart beats 60 to 80 times a minute while a person is at rest. The heart rests only about 0.4 second between beats. Circulation of blood consists of two main circuits. Pulmonary circulation carries blood from the heart to the lungs where waste gases, mostly carbon dioxide, are removed from the blood, and oxygen is taken on by hemoglobin in the erythrocytes, or red blood cells. The blood then returns to the heart and is pumped to other parts of the body in the systemic circulation, which comprises the blood supply to the entire body except the lungs. Within the systemic circulation is the portal circulation, which supplies blood to the liver. Capillaries and veins carrying nutrient-rich blood from the digestive organs merge to form the portal vein, leading to the liver. Blood from the liver reenters the systemic circulation via the inferior vena cava. Bright red, oxygen-rich blood from the pulmonary circulation flows from the left atrium into the left ventricle. With each beat of the heart, blood is forced through the large artery of the heart, called the aorta, and throughout the body by a network of arteries. The large arteries of this network are the carotid arteries in the neck and head, the axillary arteries in the arms, the abdominal arteries in the abdomen, and the external iliac arteries in the legs. Numerous smaller arteries branch off these major ones, and each branching yields smaller and smaller arteries until the blood passes from the smallest arteries into the arterioles. These tiny structures connect to venules, forming a structure called a capillary. It is here that most of the blood-tissue exchange occurs, with the blood giving up its oxygen, nutrients, and fluid to the tissues, and the tissues giving up carbon dioxide and fluid wastes to the blood. Several organs interact with the circulatory system in very specific ways. Nutrients and fluids are absorbed from the digestive organs. The spleen then filters the blood, removing old blood cells and microorganisms. Phagocytes, a type of white blood cell, engulf these materials and destroy them. The liver also filters the blood and detoxifies wastes such as ammonia into less toxic urea. The liver adds fibrinogen and prothrombin to the blood, which are necessary for clotting. The kidneys extract water, minerals, urea, and other waste products from the blood. These materials are later excreted in the urine. The blood that travels into the veins from the capillaries is now oxygen-poor and dark red. The veins, like the arterie
Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968 . The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page , singer Robert Plant , bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones , and drummer John Bonham . The band 's heavy , guitar-driven sound , rooted in blues and psychedelia on their early albums , has earned them recognition as one of the progenitors of heavy metal , though their unique style drew from a wide variety of influences , including folk music .   After changing their name from the New Yardbirds , Led Zeppelin signed a deal with Atlantic Records that afforded them considerable artistic freedom . Although the group was initially unpopular with critics , they achieved significant commercial success with albums such as Led Zeppelin ( 1969 ) , Led Zeppelin II ( 1969 ) , Led Zeppelin III ( 1970 ) , Led Zeppelin IV ( 1971 ) , Houses of the Holy ( 1973 ) , and Physical Graffiti ( 1975 ) . Their fourth album , which features the track `` Stairway to Heaven '' , is among the most popular and influential works in rock music , and it helped to secure the group 's popularity .   Page wrote most of Led Zeppelin 's music , particularly early in their career , while Plant generally supplied the lyrics . Jones ' keyboard-based compositions later became central to the group 's catalogue , which featured increasing experimentation . The latter half of their career saw a series of record-breaking tours that earned the group a reputation for excess and debauchery . Although they remained commercially and critically successful , their output and touring schedule were limited during the late 1970s , and the group disbanded following Bonham 's death from alcohol-related asphyxia in 1980 . In the decades that followed , the surviving members sporadically collaborated and participated in one-off Led Zeppelin reunions . The most successful of these was the 2007 Ahmet Ertegun Tribute Concert in London , with Jason Bonham taking his late father 's place behind the drums .   Led Zeppelin are widely considered one of the most successful , innovative , and influential rock groups in history . They are one of the best-selling music artists in the history of audio recording ; various sources estimate the group 's record sales at 200 to 300 million units worldwide . With RIAA-certified sales of 111.5 million units , they are the second-best-selling band in the US . Each of their nine studio albums placed in the top 10 of the Billboard album chart and six reached the number-one spot . They achieved eight consecutive UK number-one albums . Rolling Stone magazine described them as `` the heaviest band of all time '' , `` the biggest band of the Seventies '' , and `` unquestionably one of the most enduring bands in rock history '' . They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995 ; the museum 's biography of the band states that they were `` as influential '' during the 1970s as the Beatles were during the 1960s .
the validation isn't you clicking the box. it's the path of your mouse cursor on the way to clicking the box.  bots move the mouse in moves with a signature controlled by software and random number generators.  humans don't.
What's the maximum health amount I can have by using Hearts to upgrade my max health?
From early Christian times, hunting has been forbidden to Roman Catholic Church clerics. Thus the Corpus Juris Canonici (C. ii, X, De cleric. venat.) says, "We forbid to all servants of God hunting and expeditions through the woods with hounds; and we also forbid them to keep hawks or falcons." The Fourth Council of the Lateran, held under Pope Innocent III, decreed (canon xv): "We interdict hunting or hawking to all clerics." The decree of the Council of Trent is worded more mildly: "Let clerics abstain from illicit hunting and hawking" (Sess. XXIV, De reform., c. xii), which seems to imply that not all hunting is illicit, and canonists generally make a distinction declaring noisy (clamorosa) hunting unlawful, but not quiet (quieta) hunting.
The plains at the foot of the Sierra Madre Occidental is an elongated mesa known as Altiplanicie Mexicana that exhibits a steppe climate and serves as a transition zone from the mountain climate in the western part of the state to the desert climate in the eastern side of the state. The steppe zone accounts for a third of the state's area, and it experiences pronounced dry and wet seasons. The pronounced rainy season in the steppe is usually observed in the months of July, August, and September. The steppe also encounters extreme temperatures that often reach over 100 °F in the summer and drop below 32 °F in the winter. The steppe zone is an important agriculture zone due to an extensive development of canals exploiting several rivers that flow down from the mountains. The steppe zone is the most populated area of the state.
Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor Henry II (German: "Heinrich II" ; Italian: "Enrico II" ) (6 May 973 – 13 July 1024), also known as Saint Henry, Obl. S. B., was Holy Roman Emperor ("Romanorum Imperator") from 1014 until his death in 1024 and the last member of the Ottonian dynasty of Emperors as he had no children. The Duke of Bavaria from 995, Henry became King of Germany ("Rex Romanorum") following the sudden death of his second cousin, Emperor Otto III in 1002, was crowned King of Italy ("Rex Italiae") in 1004, and was crowned by the Pope as Emperor in 1014.
Mountain Mike's Pizza Mountain Mike's Pizza is a chain of pizzerias mainly along the West Coast of the United States, primarily Northern California. They have additional locations in Nevada, Oregon, and Utah. The restaurants offer other items, such as pasta and chicken wings.
âBreaking Badâ actor Steven Michael Quezada wins local primary in New Mexico â with help from Bryan Cranston The 53-year-old’s road to politics was aided by star power from former Emmy-winning Breaking Bad lead Bryan Cranston. He will fight for more education funding, fight to keep this community safe, and fight to bring much needed jobs to the community, Cranston said in a voter mailer sent out last month.
Can we predict whether or not persons will favor legalization of marijuana based on sex and three categories of SES?
Convert string to uint with decimal places
Downvoted because you can simply google this and read the [wikipedia](_URL_0_) article for a great explanation. Yes, HGT occurs in "simple" organisms.
Social Security Changes Social Security Changes Does a forwarded list detail changes made to Social Security over the years?2KThe Social Security system has been a contentious political issue ever since it was proposed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and implemented in 1935. Arguments regarding how the system should be used, administered, and funded — and even whether it should exist at all — have been the subject of debate for many decades now: Examples: [Collected via e-mail, October 2005]SOCIAL SECURITY: Franklin Roosevelt, a Democrat, introduced the Social Security (FICA) Program. He promised:1.) That participation in the Program would be completely voluntary,2.) That the participants would only have to pay 1% of the first $1,400 of their annual incomes into the Program,3.) That the money the participants elected to put into the Program would be deductible from their income for tax purposes each year,4.) That the money the participants put into the independent “Trust Fund” rather than into the General operating fund, and therefore, would only be used to fund the Social Security Retirement Program, and no other Government program, and,5.) That the annuity payments to the retirees would never be taxed as income. Since many of us have paid into FICA for years and are now receiving a Social Security check every month — and then finding that we are getting taxed on 85% of the money we paid to the Federal government to “put away,” you may be interested in the following: Q: Which Political Party took Social Security from the independent “Trust” fund and put it into the General fund so that Congress could spend it? A: It was Lyndon Johnson and the Democratically-controlled House and Senate. Q: Which Political Party eliminated the income tax deduction for Social Security (FICA) withholding? A: The Democratic Party. Q: Which Political Party started taxing Social Security annuities? A: The Democratic Party, with Al Gore casting the “tie-breaking” deciding vote as President of the Senate, while he was Vice President of the U. S. Q: Which Political Party decided to start giving annuity payments to immigrants? MY FAVORITE : A: That’s right! Jimmy Carter and the Democratic Party. Immigrants moved into this country, and at age 65, began to receive SSI Social Security payments! The Democratic Party gave these payments to them, even though they never paid a dime into it!Then, after doing all this lying and thieving and violation of the original contract (FICA), the Democrats turn around and tell you that the Republicans want to take your Social Security away!And the worst part about it is, uninformed citizens believe it!Perhaps we are asking the wrong questions during this 2004 election year!Variations: A version of this piece circulated via e-mail in 2005 opened with the following introduction: Dear Friends: Many years ago in Seattle, two wonderful neighbors, Elliott and Patty Roosevelt came to my home to swim on a regular basis. They were a great couple full of laughter and stories that today I continue to marvel at. Both are now deceased, but their stories remain. During the years of our friendship we had many, many discussions about his parents (President Franklin D. and Eleanor Roosevelt) and how his father and mother never intended for the Social Security and Welfare programs to turn out the way they are today. Elliott used to say that if his mother returned to earth and saw what the politicians had done to their programs she would have burned all of them in hell. Here is a story I received today regarding the Social Security Program and I immediately thought of Elliott’s comments. Hope you will read this and think about it. In this vein, the above-quoted item seeks to enumerate (and assign blame for) alterations to Social Security that have supposedly betrayed the intent of the system as originally conceived back in the 1930s. Most of the entries contained therein, however, are inaccurate regarding what changes were made and/or who was responsible for making them:. . . participation in the Program would be completely volunta
John Washington Butler John Washington Butler (December 17, 1875 – September 24, 1952) was an American farmer and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1923-1927. He is most noted for introducing the Butler Act, which prohibited teaching of evolution in public (i.e. state) schools (and which was challenged in the Scopes Trial). He was an admirer of William Jennings Bryan.
Why does a magnetic field generate clearly visible separation?
Parenting (magazine) Parenting was a magazine for families and it was published in United States between 1987 and 2013. Its headquarters was in Winter Park, Florida.
Oregon Minimum Wage for 2017, 2018 Oregon Minimum Wage for 2017, 2018Contents :: Oregon Minimum Wage Overtime Wage Law Minimum Wage Exemptions OR Labor Law Poster Local Min. Wages FAQ2018 Hourly Minimum Wage$10.25 / hour Weekly Minimum Wage 1$410.00 / 40-hr week Yearly Minimum Wage 2$21,320.00 / year Oregon's state minimum wage rate is $10.25 per hour . This is greater than the Federal Minimum Wage of $7.25. You are entitled to be paid the higher state minimum wage. The minimum wage applies to most employees in Oregon, with limited exceptions including tipped employees, some student workers, and other exempt occupations. †The Oregon minimum wage was last changed in 2008, when it was raised $2.30 from $7.95 to $10.25. Oregon's minimum wage rate is linked to a Consumer Price Index, which is intended to raise the rate along with inflation. The current minimum wage rate is re-evaluated yearly based on these values. Oregon's current minimum wage is $9.25 per hour. Since 2003, Oregon's minimum wage has been adjusted yearly for inflation on January 1 by a calculation using the U. S. City Average Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for All Items. The wage amount established with this index is rounded to the nearest five cents. Oregon's minimum wage was raised 15 cents from $9.10 to $9.25 per hour on January 1, 2015. Oregon allows employers to make fair deductions from employee's wages for meals and lodging, but paying sub-minimum wage rates to tipped employees is not permitted. Other notable Oregon labor laws require paid 10-minute rest periods every 4 hours for adult workers (and 15 minute rest periods for minors). Oregon employers may not pay you under $10.25 per hour unless you or your occupation are specifically exempt from the minimum wage under state or federal law. If you have questions about the Oregon minimum wage, please ask us and someone will respond to you as soon as possible. Looking for a new job? Use the free Oregon job search utility to find local job openings hiring now. All Oregon employers must display an approved Oregon minimum wage poster in a prominent place to inform employees about the minimum wage and their worker's rights under Oregon labor law. Think the Oregon Minimum Wage should be raised? LIKE on Facebook!Oregon Minimum Wage & Labor Law Posters The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) and Oregon labor law requires all employers in Oregon to visibly display an approved Oregon minimum wage poster, and other Oregon and federal labor law posters, to ensure that all employees are aware of federal and Oregon labor law and overtime regulations. Failure to display a Oregon labor law poster in the workplace can result in severe fines. Get an Oregon all-in-one labor law poster Instead of printing out pages of mandatory Oregon and Federal labor law posters, you can purchase a professional, laminated all-in-one labor law poster that guarantees compliance with all Oregon and federal posting requirements. Fully updated for April 2017!Get All-In-One Poster Now The Oregon minimum wage poster, and additional required Oregon labor law posters, are also available on the Oregon labor law posters download page. Oregon Overtime Minimum Wage OR Overtime Wage$15.38 / hour Daily Cutoff for Overtime N/AWeekly Cutoff for Overtime40 hours/week All workers who put in over 40 weekly hours are entitled to a minimum wage of at least 1.5 times the regular applicable minimum wage ( learn more about Oregon overtime pay ). Some states require workers who work over a certain number of daily hours to be eligible for this overtime rate as well (Oregon law does not specify a daily overtime limit) . The FLSA guarantees all OR employees adequate overtime compensation for all qualifying overtime hours worked. If your employer does not pay adequate overtime wages, you can file an unpaid overtime claim with the Oregon Department of Labor . [Top]Oregon Minimum Wage Exemptions In addition to any Oregon-specific minimum wage exemptions described above, the Federal Fair Labor Standards act defines special minimum wage rates applicable to cert
Oman Population  (LIVE) W Population World Asia Western Asia Oman Oman Population (LIVE)4, 786, 621Oman Population (1950 - 2018)Date Oman Population1950 456,4191951 462,2511952 469,3501953 477,4401954 486,3121955 495,8161956 505,8921957 516,4711958 527,5981959 539,3281960 551,7401961 564,8901962 578,8241963 593,5011964 608,8871965 625,0091966 642,0031967 660,1191968 679,5971969 700,7251970 723,8521971 748,9731972 776,3831973 806,9911974 841,9481975 882,0441976 927,4391977 977,8081978 1,032,8001979 1,091,8531980 1,154,3791981 1,220,5871982 1,290,1111983 1,361,0971984 1,431,0771985 1,498,4171986 1,561,1851987 1,619,8641988 1,678,1161989 1,741,1601990 1,812,1601991 1,893,7711992 1,983,2771993 2,072,1111994 2,148,4281995 2,204,2831996 2,236,6661997 2,249,7731998 2,251,8751999 2,254,9182000 2,267,9912001 2,294,7872002 2,334,2852003 2,385,2552004 2,444,7512005 2,511,2692006 2,582,9912007 2,662,7622008 2,759,0142009 2,882,9422010 3,041,4602011 3,237,2682012 3,464,6442013 3,711,4812014 3,960,9252015 4,199,8102016 4,424,7622017 4,636,2622018 4,829,946Yearly Population Growth Rate (%)Date Yearly Growth Rate (%)1951 1.281952 1.541953 1.721954 1.861955 1.951956 2.031957 2.091958 2.151959 2.221960 2.31961 2.381962 2.471963 2.541964 2.591965 2.651966 2.721967 2.821968 2.951969 3.111970 3.31971 3.471972 3.661973 3.941974 4.331975 4.761976 5.151977 5.431978 5.621979 5.721980 5.731981 5.741982 5.71983 5.51984 5.141985 4.711986 4.191987 3.761988 3.61989 3.761990 4.081991 4.51992 4.731993 4.481994 3.681995 2.61996 1.471997 0.591998 0.091999 0.142000 0.582001 1.182002 1.722003 2.182004 2.492005 2.722006 2.862007 3.092008 3.612009 4.492010 5.52011 6.442012 7.022013 7.122014 6.722015 6.032016 5.362017 4.782018 4.18 
Noryl Plastic - Sheets, Rods and Sample Packs Noryl Plastic - Sheets, Rods and Sample Packs Noryl provided by Interstate Plastics is a strong thermoplastic with outstanding strength, stiffness, mechanical, thermal, and electrical properties. Noryl Sheet EN 265 Noryl Rod EN 265 Noryl Rod Black Medical Grade Impact Strength Sample Pack Noryl Overview Noryl plastic is a strong machinable thermoplastic with outstanding strength, stiffness, mechanical, thermal, and electrical properties. Low moisture absorption and low thermal expansion make Noryl one of the most dimensionally stable thermoplastics available. It is widely used for electrical housings and structural components since it has excellent insulating properties, flame resistance, and dimensional stability over a wide range of service temperatures, and is often selected for fluid handling applications since it has low moisture absorption and excellent strength and stiffness. Noryl is easily machined, fabricated, painted and glued.• Excellent dimensional stability • Low moisture absorption • Wide range of service temperatures • Continuous use up to 220F • Good impact resistance • High dielectric strength • Easy to fabricate, paint, and glue • Lightweight • Excellent flammability rating Noryl Applications Common application include:• Manifolds • Pump, valve, and fitting applications • Brackets • Structural components • Internal appliance components • Scientific and analytical instrument components • Electrical housings • Covers • Electrical components (Typical) Physical Properties of Noryl Density 0.0383 lbs/in^3Tensile Strength @ Break 9200 psi Tensile Modulus 350 ksi Elongation @ Break 25%Flexural Strength 13400 psi Flexural Modulus 370 ksi Izod Impact Strength, Notched R119Heat Deflection Temp. 66 psi / 264 psi 279F / 254FWater Absorption @ 24H 0.07%*Values listed are typical and are meant only as a guide to aid in design. Field testing should be performed to find the actual values for your application. Resistance to Chemicals: R = Resistant | L = Limited Resistance | N = Non-Resistant Chemical Resistance Acetic Acid 10% RAcetone RAlcohols RAluminum RAlum Chloride RAlum Sulphate RAmmonia RAmyl Acetate RAniline RBeer RBenzaldehyde RBoric Acid RButyl Acetate LCalcium Chloride RCarbon Tetrachloride NChlorine LR @ 68F N @ 140FChlorobenzene NChloroform NCitric Acid RCopper Salts RCyclohexane NEther RFatty Acids (>C6) RFluorine NFormaldehyde 40% RGlycerine RGlycol & Glycolic Acid RHydrobromic Acid 50% RHydrochloric Acid RHydrogen Peroxide R < 30% N > 30%Hydrogen Sulphide RHypochlorites RLead Acetate RMeat Juices RPhosphoric Acid 50% RMercury RMethanol R @ 68F N @ 140FMethylene Chloride LR @ 68F N @140FMilk & Dairy RMoisture RNaptha NNitric Acid <25% RNitric Acid 50% LR @ 68F N @140FNitric Acid 90% NDiesel R @ 68F N @140FOils, Mineral ROils, Vegetable and Animal R @ 68F N @140FParaffin Wax RPhosphoric Acid 20-95% RPhosphorous Chlorides NPhosphorous Pentoxide RSea Water RSilicone Fluids RSodium: Carbonate Peroxide Silicate Sulphide RStarch & Sugar RSulphur R @ 68F N @140FTrichlorethylene R @ 68F N @140FVinegar RWater, Hard & Soft RYeast RZinc Chloride RTitle Description Noryl Rod - Black EN 265Noryl is strong with outstanding strength, stiffness, mechanical, thermal, and electrical properties Noryl Sheet - Black EN 265Noryl is strong with outstanding strength, stiffness, mechanical, thermal, and electrical properties Noryl Rod - Black Medical Grade Medical grade Noryl is an excellent material for medical devices. Impact Strength Material Sample Pack Includes a 6x6" sample of ABS, Noryl, Polycarbonate, and UHMW. 
- Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa. Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa is a Victorian themed hotel and spa located at the Walt Disney World Resort. The property opened on June 28, 1988 as the Grand Floridian Beach Resort. The name changed to Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa during the fall of 1997.
. Salary45 46 34average salary is $-, median salary is $- with a salary range from $- to $-. salaries are collected from government agencies and companies. Each salary is associated with a real job position. salary statistics is not exclusive and is for reference only. They are presented "as is" and updated regularly. Low-Average-Median-High- Jobs Total 0 Salaries. Sorted by Date, page 1 Ranked By: Job Title Salaries City Year More info Related Salary Advent Software Salary Bayer Materialscience Salary Hawaii Pacific University Salary Jefferson Parish Public School System Salary Achieva I.t. Salary M3 Consulting Salary Jamco America Salary Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Salary Heratech Salary Mcgladrey & Pullen Salary Greatbatch Salary Global Software Resources Salary Denison University Salary Ricardo Salary Calculate how much you could earn It's FREE. Based on your input and our analysis. How we do it? All fields are required for calculation accuracy. Employer Job Title City Experience Email We will send you an email to access your personalized report. Send Me Now We won’t share your email addresssalary is full-time annual starting salary. Intern, contractor and hourly pay scale vary from regular exempt employee. Compensation depends on work experience, job location, bonus, benefits and other factors. 
definitions - TIE DYEreport a problem Tie-dyeupdate Tie-dye used as stage decor, Snoqualmie Moondance festival (1992)Tie-dye is a process of resist dyeing textiles or clothing which is made from knit or woven fabric, usually cotton; typically using bright colors. It is a modern version of traditional dyeing methods used in many cultures throughout the world. [1] "Tie-dye" can also describe the resulting pattern or an item which features this pattern. Tie-dyeing became fashionable in the West in the late 1960s and early 1970s as part of hippie style. It was popularized in the United States by musicians such as John Sebastian, Janis Joplin, The Grateful Dead [2] and Joe Cocker. Contents1 General2 Dyes3 Traditional tie-dye4 Mudmee tie-dye5 Folds and patterns5.1 V5.2 Random5.3 Random circles6 See also7 References8 External links General Tie-dyeing is accomplished by folding the material into a pattern, and binding it with string or rubber bands. Dye is then applied to only parts of the material. The ties prevent the entire material from being dyed. Designs are formed by applying different colors of dyes to different sections of the wet fabric. A wet t-shirt is much easier to dye than a dry t-shirt. Once complete, the material is rinsed, and the dye is set. Dyes An example of a tie dyed t-shirt Although many different kinds of dyes may be used, most tie-dyers now dye with Procion MX fiber reactive dyes. [3] This class of dyes works at warm room temperatures. The molecules permanently bind with cellulose based fibers (cotton, rayon, hemp, linen), as well as silk, when the p H is raised. Soda ash ( sodium carbonate) is generally used to raise the p H and is either added directly to the dye, or in a solution of water in which garments are soaked before dyeing. They do not fade with washing, but sunlight will cause the colors to fade over time. Traditional tie-dye The earliest surviving examples of pre-Columbian tie-dye in Peru date from 500 to 800 AD. Their designs include small circles and lines, with bright colors including red, yellow, blue, and green. [4]Shibori includes a form of tie-dye that originated in Japan. It has been practiced there since at least the 8th century. Shibori includes a number of labor-intensive resist techniques including stitching elaborate patterns and tightly gathering the stitching before dyeing, forming intricate designs for kimonos. Another shibori method is to wrap the fabric around a core of rope, wood or other material, and bind it tightly with string or thread. The areas of the fabric that are against the core or under the binding would remain undyed. Tie-dye techniques have also been used for centuries [ citation needed] in the Hausa region of West Africa, with renowned indigo dye pits located in and around Kano, Nigeria. The tie-dyed clothing is then richly embroidered in traditional patterns. It has been argued that the Hausa techniques were the inspiration for the hippie fashion [ citation needed]. Plangi and tritik are Indonesian words, derived from Japanese words, for methods related to tie-dye, and bandhna is a term from India, giving rise to the Bandhani fabrics of Rajasthan. Ikat is a method of tie-dyeing the warp or weft before the cloth is woven. Tie-dyeing was known in the US by 1909. [5] Later in the 20th Century, tie-dye became associated with the Hippie movement. Mudmee tie-dye Mudmee tie-dye - Thailand Mudmee tie-dye is mainly created in Thailand and neighboring part of Laos. It uses different shapes and colors than other types of tie-dye, and the colors are, in general, more subdued. Another difference is that the base color is black. Folds and patterns Below is a list of common modern tie-dyeing folds and patterns. VThe 'V' shape is achieved by folding a shirt in half vertically, then a line is drawn diagonally from the shoulder area down to the center fold of the shirt. The fabric is then accordingly folded along the line and bound into one or more areas to which the dye is applied. This will show in the shape of a 'V'. Random This category can hold several different patter
Will Donald Trump rid of net neutrality?
It's essentially the Doppler effect.  At rest, an object that makes sound sends out a wave at the speed of sound in all directions. As the object begins moving, it starts to catch up to the sound waves it released a second ago. This is why emergency vehicle sirens sound higher pitched as they approach and lower pitched as they travel past you.  Now speed the object up to the speed of sound. The waves it sends out forward are stuck right where they were emitted essentially. And every second, they continue to build up more and more. This condensed pressure wave is what causes the boom.
The major time divisions of classical music up to 1900 are the early music period, which includes Medieval (500–1400) and Renaissance (1400–1600) eras, and the Common practice period, which includes the Baroque (1600–1750), Classical (1750–1830) and Romantic (1804–1910) eras. Since 1900, classical periods have been reckoned more by calendar century than by particular stylistic movements that have become fragmented and difficult to define. The 20th century calendar period (1901–2000) includes most of the early modern musical era (1890–1930), the entire high modern (mid 20th-century), and the first 25 years of the contemporary or postmodern musical era (1975–current). The 21st century has so far been characterized by a continuation of the contemporary/postmodern musical era.
The Ottomans abolished the feudal system previously in place and applied the millet system to Cyprus, under which non-Muslim peoples were governed by their own religious authorities. In a reversal from the days of Latin rule, the head of the Church of Cyprus was invested as leader of the Greek Cypriot population and acted as mediator between Christian Greek Cypriots and the Ottoman authorities. This status ensured that the Church of Cyprus was in a position to end the constant encroachments of the Roman Catholic Church. Ottoman rule of Cyprus was at times indifferent, at times oppressive, depending on the temperaments of the sultans and local officials, and the island began over 250 years of economic decline.
Topological Entanglement Entropy in Euclidean AdS3 via Surgery
Is it okay to grade some students harder because of their perceived potential? If a college professor has a clear rubric for their expectations for an essay, is it unethical -- or even illegal -- to grade certain students harder than others?

A few students I know are in a college English course. They are producing better essays than other students, but have recently been making C's instead of A's because, as the teacher says, they are "held to a higher standard" than other students.

Is there some action that can be taken to remedy this issue? They aren't out for blood, just the grade they have worked for.

Edit: Thank you all so much for the replies! For clarity: we are residing in the U.S. and the professor himself sent an email explaining that their writing is exceptional and as such he will hold them to a higher standard than their peers.
United States federal civil service Employees in the civil services work under one of the independent agencies or one of the 15 executive departments. In addition to departments, there are a number of staff organizations grouped into the Executive Office of the President.
Do any records exist of African lions at 600 upto 1,000 pounds?
High Blood Sugar, Diabetes, and Your Body High Blood Sugar, Diabetes, and Your Body In this Article How Blood Sugar Affects Your Body What Are Normal Blood Sugar Levels? Diagnosis Sugar and Your Body How Blood Sugar Affects Your Body When you have diabetes, your blood sugar (glucose) levels may be consistently high. Over time, this can damage your body and lead to many other problems. How much sugar in the blood is too much? And why is high glucose so bad for you? Here’s a look at how your levels affect your health. What Are Normal Blood Sugar Levels? They're less than 100 mg/d L after not eating (fasting) for at least 8 hours. And they're less than 140 mg/d L 2 hours after eating. During the day, levels tend to be at their lowest just before meals. For most people without diabetes, blood sugar levels before meals hover around 70 to 80 mg/d L. For some people, 60 is normal; for others, 90. What's a low sugar level? It varies widely, too. Many people's glucose won't ever fall below 60, even with prolonged fasting. When you diet or fast, the liver keeps your levels normal by turning fat and muscle into sugar. A few people's levels may fall somewhat lower. Continue Reading Belowyou might like Diagnosis Doctors use these tests to find out if you have diabetes: Fasting plasma glucose test. The doctor tests your blood sugar levels after fasting for 8 hours and it’s higher than 126 mg/d L. Oral glucose tolerance test. After fasting for 8 hours, you get a special sugary drink. Two hours later your sugar level is higher than 200. Random check. The doctor tests your blood sugar and it’s higher than 200, plus you’re peeing more, always thirsty, and you’ve gained or lost a significant amount of weight. He’ll then do a fasting sugar level test or an oral glucose tolerance test to confirm the diagnosis. Any sugar levels higher than normal are unhealthy. Levels that are higher than normal, but not reaching the point of full-blown diabetes, are called prediabetes. According to the American Diabetes Association, 86 million people in the U. S. have this condition, which can lead to diabetes if you don't make healthy lifestyle changes that your doctor recommends. It also raises the risk for heart disease, although not as much as diabetes does. It's possible to keep prediabetes from becoming diabetes with diet and exercise.1 2 View All 
This review was found to be below average, thus earning a rating of two stars.
Basic Movements in Running Basic Movements in Running Tony Benson National Consultant - Track & Field There are two views on running technique. One school of thought believes that proper training improves technique and no additional time needs to be spent on it. The other school of thought is that many runners do not achieve the results they should because their technique does not let them exploit their fitness to the maximum. Far too many former and current Australian coaches fall into the first category. On the other hand the great Australian coach Percy Cerutty believed that all else being equal the athlete with better technique would prevail. I agree with Cerutty and the others who say technique is important because the world record holders and the runners with a better finishing sprint are invariably the ones with the better technique*. I have also been interested to note how the equally great New Zealand coach Arthur Lydiard, who originally could have been categorised as being positioned somewhere in the middle as regards technique has now emphasised its importance a lot more in his recent books. Left: Vasala & Keino - Munich 1972. A classic photo of body position in a finishing sprint. Right: 2003 World 5000m champion Eluid Kipchoge (807) with Kenenisa Bekele and Hiccham El Guerrouj. His coach Patrick Sang credited the techniques he learned from Tony Benson at the 2002 IAAF Level 2 Coaches course with Eluid's ability to sprint - something he appeared to have neglected in 2004/05. Editor's note: From an Australian perspective Craig Mottram is a wonderful example of correct running form. Once he learns to use his arms correctly throughout the finishing sprint he will be an Olympic Gold medal candidate Is there such a thing as an “ideal” style? The answer is not really but faster runners do exhibit certain common “characteristics”. These relate to both the upper and lower body movement - as well as knowing how to breathe correctly. The Head. This should be carried in the same position as when you are sitting with good posture. You watch the ground by moving your eyes down and you watch for overhanging branches when running through bush by raising the eyes. You do not move the head to any significant degree. Held too far forward it will cause your upper body to come too far forward – which will cause your butt to move backwards. Held too far backwards it will cause your upper body to arch backwards causing excessive heel strike. The only time you may move your head dramatically during a race or on a run is when you need to ‘look’ around you. Your head will be in the correct position if you can see your knees coming up - and feet pointing forward - simply by dropping your gaze. Your natural line of vision will be toward a point about three metres in front of you. The Shoulders. The best runners move forward with very little shoulder sway. Excessive shoulder sway is probably the worst fault you can have when running and it normally occurs as a result of restricted arm movement at the elbow. Your shoulders should appear slightly rounded, not held in the military attention position. It is only in this position that your arms be fully utilised. It will be impossible for you to engage naturally in any activity (try golf, boxing, tennis etc!) with your shoulders pulled or held back. The military shoulder position will also cause a less than optimum foot plant because pulling the shoulders back also pulls the elbows in. This has the tendency to make the feet turn out! Unfortunately the military shoulder position is a common sight at any running or triathlon competition. The Back. With the butt pushed ever so slightly forward (see Pelvis below) and upward (see Vasala/Keino photo) this should be reasonably straight. This may occur naturally or strengthening is required. A back the shape of a question mark cannot bear heavy loads!The Arms. These should swing naturally in a relaxed manner from your shoulders. With the arms hanging naturally from slightly rounded shoulders your elbows will hang about 7.5 to 10 cm (3-4 inches) out 
- Canary Wharf. Canary Wharf is a major business district in east London, within the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is one of the United Kingdom's two main financial centres – along with the City of London – and contains many of Europe's tallest buildings, including the second-tallest in the UK, One Canada Square.
Daviston, Alabama Daviston, Alabama. Daviston is a town in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 214, down from 267 in 2000.
Bramley Buffaloes Bramley Buffaloes "For the original Bramley club, see Bramley RLFC." Bramley Buffaloes RLFC is a rugby league club from the Bramley area of West Leeds in West Yorkshire, England. At the end of the 1999 season Bramley RLFC resigned from the Northern Ford Premiership to become a feeder team for Leeds, but this never materialised. Bramley applied to rejoin the Northern Ford Premiership in 2000 but were rejected whilst a similar bid from Gateshead Thunder was accepted. They had planned to play games at the home of soccer club Farsley Celtic and progressively upgrade the ground, this may have been
The circulatory system does not run as 1 highway that runs through the whole body. It branches from the core into 4 highways, 1 for each limb. So losing a limb does not prevent flow to anywhere else in the body. Here is a picture. _URL_0_
Gastroenterology Career Guide: Qualifications, Job Description & Career Prospects Training Requirements. To qualify a gastroenterologist, you will have to first complete a 4 year medical school program and receive either an M.D. or a D.O. You will then need to complete a 2 to 3 year residency program, typically in internal medicine.o qualify a gastroenterologist, you will have to first complete a 4 year medical school program and receive either an M.D. or a D.O. You will then need to complete a 2 to 3 year residency program, typically in internal medicine.
- Part I: Greek Coins The Archaic Greek Period [c. 650 - 480 bc] I am the badge of Phanes Greek coins (including coins of all Mediterranean city-states) are classified into three stylistic periods: Archaic, Classical and Hellenistic.etradrachm of Athens (Archaic Period) By 520 bc use of coins had spread throughout the Mediterranean; they were struck in southern Italy, Sicily, Macedon, in Greece, in the islands between Greece and Asia Minor, and in North Africa. The most common denominations were silver staters (8 or 12 g) and tetradrachms (17 g).
Findings on MLK Assassination Findings on MLK Assassination. The shot that killed Dr. King was fired from the bathroom window at the rear of a roominghouse at 422 1/2 South Main Street, Memphis, Tenn. James Earl Ray knowingly, intelligently, and voluntarily pleaded guilty to the first degree murder of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
I Will Always Love You I Will Always Love You "I Will Always Love You" is a song originally written and recorded in 1973 by American singer-songwriter Dolly Parton. Her country version of the track was released in 1974 as a single and was written as a farewell to her one-time partner and mentor of seven years, Porter Wagoner, following Parton's decision to pursue a solo career. Parton's version of "I Will Always Love You" was a commercial success. It reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart twice. It first reached number one in June 1974, and then in October 1982, with
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
She was given a great deal of attention in her first days in the House, receiving three standing ovations by her colleges on the first day of the new Congress (one for entering the chamber, one of answering the roll call and one for voting for Speaker). On her first important vote, on US entry in WW1, she was given direct advice on how to vote by Republican Big Beast and former Speaker Joe Cannon, who told her *“Little woman, you can’t afford not to vote. You represent the womanhood of the country in the American Congress. I shall not advise you to how to vote, but you should vote one way or another- as your conscience dictates.”* when it looked like she might abstain.  Sources: Bisbee Daily Review/1917/04/04/ Wilson, A. Scott Berg
Do Lipomas Always Continue to Grow? Do Lipomas Always Continue to Grow?tawnyjessica Phoenix, AZI'm 25 years old and just got diagnosed with multiple lipomas in my mid to lower back. They are generally small right now, and only cause a little pain here and there. I have noticed most form on my hip bone, and one or two are next to my spine. Should I have these removed now? How quickly do they grow? Do they always get bigger? I don't want scarring, nor do I want them to start showing! Also, will I get lipomas elsewhere on my body? Please help!backage 25-34grow back Answers ( 13)Lipoma enlargement2If the lipomas are not removed, they will continue to grow. You may have lipomatosis given the presence of several masses. If this is the case, you could develop other lipomata in other areas of your body. The smaller the lipoma, the shorter the surgical scar. On your lower back, which is not subject to continuous sun exposure, the scars should fade over time. Robert L. Kraft, MD, FACSNew York Plastic Surgeon46 reviewswww.robertkraftmd.com This question is about Lipoma Removal96% of Real Self users think it's WORTH ITProviders (29)Photos (57)Reviews (198)Cost ($1,775 Average)Questions (1,517)Lipoma Removal What would you like to change about your skin? Fix acne Reduce spots Lessen veins Reduce wrinkles Reduce scarring Other Removing lipomas with small scars2Lipomas are best removed early, before they enlarge. That is the best way to ensure that the scars are minimized. Raffy Karamanoukian, MD, FACSLos Angeles Plastic Surgeon103 reviewswww. Surgery90210.com Do lipomas continue to grow?1In most cases, lipomas do tend to enlarge over time. For this reason, we often recommend removal of lipomas while they are small. While most lipomas can be diagnosed without surgery, another advantage of removing the lipoma is to obtain a tissue diagnosis by the pathologist. Any time an incision is made in the skin, a scar will be present, but treating a lipoma early gives the best change SHOW MORELearn more: http://www.txfaces.com/facial-cosmetic-procedures-dallas/plastic-surgery/Matthew Richardson, MDFrisco Facial Plastic Surgeon24 reviewswww.txfaces.com You might also like... Related Content*Treatment results may vary Lipoma Removal (And a Small Cyst, Too)Dr. Sowder is Seattle's Lipoma Removal Queen So thankful I met Dr. Landon View all Lipoma Removal reviews Multiple Lipoma Behavior1You may have the diagnosis of familial lipomatosis (other family members will have the same problem). Lipomatosis is believed to be a dominant trait in which multiple lipomas are present. Most are discrete, encapsulated lipomas on the trunk and extremities. Although they may increase with weight gain, weight loss doesn't improve them in my experience. Most grow very slowly over your life time. SHOW MORELarry S. Nichter, MD, MS, FACSOrange County Plastic Surgeon188 reviews Lipomas1may get larger over time but it is hard to know this.most people with lipomas will have more than one and their course is unpredictable. in order to get rid of them you need them surgically removed so yes, you will have a scar.some people have good success with "lipo-dissolve" which is an all-natural combination of phosphatidyl choline and deoxycholic acid (natural substances present SHOW MORECraig Crippen, MDKelowna Physician Lipoma growth1Lipomas are benign growths that are unpredictable, that is to say just like any mole, a lipoma may either stay the same size it is now, or potentially grow, but no one can predict what will happen to it. If it bothers you, a dermatologist or plastic surgeon can safely remove it surgically for you (local anesthetic), and the scar is typically much smaller and nicer than the large lipoma lump. Benjamin Barankin, MD, FRCPCToronto Dermatologic Surgeon Management of growing lipomas1Lipomas are lobules of exuberant fatty tissue proliferation that come about because of combination of genetic predisposition and/or trauma. However, lipomas typically do not grow and those that do should undergo excisional biopsy to rule out epidermal inclusion cyst, reactive or malig
The emotion expressed in this message is fear.
Genetics From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search This article is about the general scientific term. For the scientific journal, see Genetics (journal). For a more accessible and less technical introduction to this topic, see Introduction to genetics. Part of a series on Genetics Key components Chromosome DNA RNAGenome Heredity Mutation Nucleotide Variation Outline Index History and topics Introduction History Evolution ( molecular)Population genetics Mendelian inheritance Quantitative genetics Molecular genetics Research DNA sequencing Genetic engineering Genomics ( template)Medical genetics Branches of genetics Personalized medicine Personalized medicine Biology portal Molecular and cellular biology portalv t e Part of a series on Biochemistry Bio-chemical Key components Biomolecules Metabolism Index Outline History and topics History Biochemistry Cell biology Bioinformatics Enzymology Genetics Immunology Molecular biology Plant biochemistry Structural biology Branches of biochemistry List of biochemists Portals: Biology, MCBv t e Genetics is the study of genes, genetic variation, and heredity in living organisms. [1] [2] It is generally considered a field of biology, but intersects frequently with many other life sciences and is strongly linked with the study of information systems. The father of genetics is Gregor Mendel, a late 19th-century scientist and Augustinian friar. Mendel studied "trait inheritance", patterns in the way traits are handed down from parents to offspring. He observed that organisms (pea plants) inherit traits by way of discrete "units of inheritance". This term, still used today, is a somewhat ambiguous definition of what is referred to as a gene. Trait inheritance and molecular inheritance mechanisms of genes are still primary principles of genetics in the 21st century, but modern genetics has expanded beyond inheritance to studying the function and behavior of genes. Gene structure and function, variation, and distribution are studied within the context of the cell, the organism (e.g. dominance ), and within the context of a population. Genetics has given rise to a number of subfields, including epigenetics and population genetics. Organisms studied within the broad field span the domains of life ( archaea, bacteria, and eukarya ). Genetic processes work in combination with an organism's environment and experiences to influence development and behavior, often referred to as nature versus nurture. The intracellular or extracellular environment of a cell or organism may switch gene transcription on or off. A classic example is two seeds of genetically identical corn, one placed in a temperate climate and one in an arid climate. While the average height of the two corn stalks may be genetically determined to be equal, the one in the arid climate only grows to half the height of the one in the temperate climate due to lack of water and nutrients in its environment. Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology2 History2.1 Mendelian and classical genetics2.2 Molecular genetics3 Features of inheritance3.1 Discrete inheritance and Mendel's laws3.2 Notation and diagrams3.3 Multiple gene interactions4 Molecular basis for inheritance4.1 DNA and chromosomes4.2 Reproduction4.3 Recombination and genetic linkage5 Gene expression5.1 Genetic code5.2 Nature and nurture5.3 Gene regulation6 Genetic change6.1 Mutations6.2 Natural selection and evolution6.3 Model organisms6.4 Medicine6.5 Research methods6.6 DNA sequencing and genomics7 Society and culture8 See also9 References10 Further reading11 External links Etymology [ edit]The word genetics stems from the ancient Greek γενετικός genetikos meaning "genitive"/"generative", which in turn derives from γένεσις genesis meaning "origin". [3] [4] [5]History [ edit]Main article: History of genetics The observation that living things inherit traits from their parents has been used since prehistoric times to improve crop plants and animals through selective breeding. [6] The modern science of genetics, seeking to understand this process, began with the work of the Augusti
Iosif Boyarsky Iosif Yakovlevich Boyarsky (November 7, 1917 – March 12, 2008) was a Russian animator and director, the longtime Director of the Model Animation Association of Soyuzmultfilm Studio, an award-winning Russian animation studio based in Moscow.
- No. Adult male platypuses have venomous spurs on their ankles, which is different to being poisonous. Poison is ingested; venom is injected or administered by another simila … r method. Apart from several species of shrews and the Cuban solenodon, platypuses are the only venomous mammals.
Mostly because of echoes/difference in path lengths. The farther you are away from a lightning bolt, the more chances the sound has to bounce off a few things (or not) before reaching you. The more a sound bounces around, the longer its path length, and the longer it takes to reach you. So, some of the sound goes directly to you while some of the sound bounces around a bit before reaching you. The different bits of sound from the original lightning strike reach you at different moments, so as a whole it sounds longer and more drawn out.  You can experience this same effect on a smaller scale. Stand in a very large, empty field and yell to a friend. There is very little opportunity for the sound to bounce around, so the sound either goes straight to you or gets lost out in the sky. As a result, your friend's voice sounds sharp and quick. Then go into a small canyon and yell to your friend. All the bounces the sound can take makes it more drawn out. The audio world calls this "reverb".
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
You haven't expounded much on what you are asking, but if you consume a couple of grams of sucrose it will all be absorbed.
Turkish cuisine There are many different types of vegetarian diets. The most common types are: 1  Vegan - This group does not eat meat, eggs, or dairy products. 2  Lacto-vegetarian - This group does not eat meat or eggs. However, they will eat dairy products.  Lacto-ovo vegetarian - This group does not eat any meat.
Holocauste Literature Introduction. Under the leadership of Adolf Hitler (1889-1945), the National Socialist German Workers’ Party, or Nazi Party, grew into a mass movement and ruled Germany through totalitarian means from 1933 to 1945.
The Northwestern University Law Review is a scholarly legal publication and student organization at Northwestern University School of Law. The Law Review's primary purpose is to publish a journal of broad legal scholarship. The Law Review publishes four issues each year. Student editors make the editorial and organizational decisions and select articles submitted by professors, judges, and practitioners, as well as student pieces. The Law Review recently extended its presence onto the web, and now publishes scholarly pieces weekly on the Colloquy. The Northwestern Journal of Technology and Intellectual Property is a law review published by an independent student organization at Northwestern University School of Law. Its Bluebook abbreviation is Nw. J. Tech. & Intell. Prop. The current editor-in-chief is Aisha Lavinier.
It's an animated image. If you open the image, or refresh the page, you can very briefly see the initial image, the one that appears when you embed a link to it. But after just a frame or two, it moves to the second, "scary" version of the image. Most software doesn't know how to embed animated images properly, so it just takes the initial appearance and uses that as the static image.
- Horsham: Annual Weather Averages. July is the hottest month in Horsham with an average temperature of 18 °C (64 °F) and the coldest is January at 5 °C (41 °F). Average Temperature: Horsham Loading weather data.
Central Powers The Central Powers (German: "Mittelmächte" ; Hungarian: "Központi hatalmak" ; Turkish: "İttifak Devletleri" or "Bağlaşma Devletleri" ; Bulgarian: Централни сили "Tsentralni sili" ), consisting of Germany, Austria-Hungary , the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria – hence also known as the Quadruple Alliance (German: "Vierbund" ) – was one of the two main factions during World War I (1914–18). It faced and was defeated by the Allied Powers that had formed around the Triple Entente. The Powers' origin was the alliance of Germany and Austria-Hungary in 1879. The Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria did not join until after World War I had begun, although the Ottoman Empire retained close relations with both Germany and Austria-Hungary since the beginning of the 20th century.
How does E. coli appear when appied to agar? How does the bacteria Escherichia coli (E. coli) look when it is streaked on to the following agars-Nutrient Agar, CLED Agar and MacConkeys Agar.Im just wondering what the colonies would look like such as colour and appearence.Thank you.Add your answer.ow does the bacteria Escherichia coli (E. coli) look when it is streaked on to the following agars-Nutrient Agar, CLED Agar and MacConkeys Agar. Im just wondering what the colonies would look like such as colour and appearence. Thank you. Add your answer.
Fort Apache Indian Reservation City, Cibecue, Hon-Dah, McNary, Turkey Creek, and Seven Mile are the communities, comprising a total population of 22,036 in 2010 on the reservation. Fort Apache Indian Reservation The Fort Apache Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation in Arizona, United States, encompassing parts of Navajo, Gila, and Apache counties. It is home to the federally recognized White Mountain Apache Tribe of the Fort Apache Reservation, a Western Apache tribe. It has a land area of and a population of 12,429 people as of the 2000 census. The largest community is in Whiteriver. In 1871 General George Crook enrolled 50 White Mountain
Avulsion (river) Avulsion (river)From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search In sedimentary geology and fluvial geomorphology, avulsion is the rapid abandonment of a river channel and the formation of a new river channel. Avulsions occur as a result of channel slopes that are much less steep than the slope that the river could travel if it took a new course. [1]Contents [ hide ]1 Deltaic and net-depositional settings2 Erosional avulsions3 Meander cutoffs4 Occurrence5 See also6 References Deltaic and net-depositional settings [ edit]Plumes of sediment enter the ocean from several mouths of the Mississippi River bird's-foot delta. This sediment is responsible for building the delta and allowing it to advance into the sea. As it extends further offshore, the channel slope will decrease and its bed will aggrade, promoting an avulsion. Avulsions are common in river deltas, where sediment deposits as the river enters the ocean and channel gradients are typically very small. [2] This process is also known as delta switching. Deposition from the river results in the formation of an individual deltaic lobe that pushes out into the sea. An example of a deltaic lobe is the bird's-foot delta of the Mississippi River, pictured at right with its sediment plumes. As the deltaic lobe advances, the slope of the river channel becomes lower because the river channel is longer but has the same change in elevation (see slope or gradient ). As the slope of the river channel decreases, it becomes unstable for two reasons. First, water under the force of gravity will tend to flow in the most direct course downslope. If the river could breach its natural levees (i.e., during a flood ), it would spill out onto a new course with a shorter route to the ocean, thereby obtaining a more stable steeper slope. [1] Second, as its slope is reduced, the amount of shear stress on the bed will decrease, resulting in deposition of more sediment within the channel and thus raising of the channel bed relative to the floodplain. This will make it easier for the river to breach its levees and cut a new channel that enters the ocean at a steeper slope. When this avulsion occurs, the new channel carries sediment out to the ocean, building a new deltaic lobe. [3] [4] The abandoned delta eventually subsides. [5]This process is also related to the distributary network of river channels that can be observed within a river delta. When the channel does this, some of its flow can remain in the abandoned channel. When these channel switching events happen repeatedly over time, a mature delta will gain a distributary network. [6]Subsidence of the delta and/or sea-level rise can further cause backwater and deposition in the delta. This deposition fills the channels and leaves a geologic record of channel avulsion in sedimentary basins. On average, an avulsion will occur every time the bed of a river channel aggrades enough that the river channel is superelevated above the floodplain by one channel-depth. In this situation, enough hydraulic head is available that any breach of the natural levees will result in an avulsion. [7] [8]Erosional avulsions [ edit]Rivers can also avulse due to the erosion of a new channel that creates a straighter path through the landscape. This can happen during large floods in situations in which the slope of the new channel is significantly greater than that of the old channel. Where the new channel's slope is about the same as the old channel's slope, a partial avulsion will occur in which both channels are occupied by flow. [9] An example of an erosional avulsion is the 2006 avulsion of the Suncook River in New Hampshire, in which heavy rains caused flow levels to rise. The flow level rise was pronounced behind an old mill dam, which produced a shallowly-sloping pool that overtopped a sand and gravel quarry, connected with a downstream section of channel, and cut a new (and shorter) channel at a rate of 25–50 meters per hour. [10] Sediment mobilised by this erosional avulsion produced a depositionally-forced meander cutoff further do
Nitrogen is essential in building peptides which make up proteins. Go on google and look up the stuctures of amino acids and peptides
Coppell, TX Sponsored Topics. Coppell is a city in extreme northwest Dallas and Denton Counties in the U.S. state of Texas, a suburb of Dallas, and bedroom community of the DFW Metroplex. The population is approximately 39,000. A small area in the far northern portion of the city extends into neighboring Denton County.
- In 2013 professors at University of Rhode Island had an average nine month salary of $103,554. This is $496 more than professors earned in 2012, the most recently reported prior year, and a 0.5 percent increase in earnings over the previous year's average nine month salary ($103,058).
Nature of Capricorn Man Nature of Capricorn Man. A Capricorn man is very loyal, faithful and stubbornly adheres to an attitude. They are also pleasant, friendly, and affable. He is a person who wants to dominate both at home and at work.
People got those last names because they were from that country. If you're in England and have two Johns and one is French, you might call him French John or John French. Same deal with other countries. On a related note, the name Scott comes from the country Scotland. For some odd reason though, it has made the jump from being only a last name to being a first name as well.
- The legal name of a business is the name of the person or entity that owns a business. If the business is a partnership, the legal name is the name given in the partnership agreement or the last names of the partners.For limited liability companies (LLCs) and corporations, the business' legal name is the one that was registered with the state government.xamples of trade names are the use of the name Kodak by the company whose legal name is Eastman Kodak Company or McDonald s by the company whose legal name is McDonald's Corporation.
A noble TGF beta biogenesis inhibitor exhibits both potent anti-fibrotic and anti-inflammatory capabilities
Broadly,  1st wave: Women should be accorded simple dignity like voting rights and property rights. Susan B. Anthony was sort of the quintessential 1st wave feminist  2nd wave: "A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle" Women are every bit equal to men and anything that says otherwise or any data that would point to the contrary is due to social constructs rather than being actual differences. You often hear 2nd wave feminism criticized as man-bashing (see the quote up top). The sexual revolution also occurs during this wave and also the mythical [bra burning](_URL_0_)  3rd wave: Women should be able to do whatever they want without judgement, whether it's letting their freak flag fly or being a domestic housewife. What matters is that they are doing it because THEY want to and not because society or any man tells them to.  I hope this helps! I'm a little hazy myself on what, exactly, 1st wave feminism entailed, but the suffrage movement was definitely big in it.
BDSM There isn’t one accepted definition for BDSM. A very general definition might be that BDSM is a form of sexual expression that involves the willing and consensual exchange of power. Notice that the definition is “sexual expression” and not just sexual activities. A lot of people who engage in BDSM talk about the fact that most of it happens in your mind, and often the sexual activities you can see are the least interesting aspect of the action.
Das Liebesverbot Das Liebesverbot ("The Ban on Love", WWV 38), is an early opera in two acts by Richard Wagner, with the libretto written by the composer after Shakespeare's "Measure for Measure". Described as a "Große komische Oper ", it was composed in 1834, and Wagner conducted the premiere in 1836 at Magdeburg. Poorly attended and with a lead singer who forgot the words and had to improvise, it was a resounding flop and its second performance had to be cancelled after a fist-fight between the prima donna's husband and the lead tenor broke out backstage before the curtain had even risen; only three people were in the audience. It was never performed again in Wagner's lifetime.
Guglielmo Marconi in the Regia Marina. In 1929, he was made a marquess by King Victor Emmanuel III. Marconi joined the Italian Fascist party in 1923. In 1930, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini appointed him President of the Royal Academy of Italy, which made Marconi a member of the Fascist Grand Council. Marconi died in Rome on 20 July 1937 at age 63, following a series of heart attacks, and Italy held a state funeral for him. As a tribute, shops on the street where he lived were "Closed for national mourning". In addition, at 6 pm the next day, the time designated
- A misnomer is a word or term that suggests a meaning that is known to be wrong.
What is the most important thing to remember when singing?
Fall begins (Northern H.) in 2018Saturday, Sep 22Days to go: 1642017Sep 222019Sep 23 Fall begins (Northern H.) History. Fall begins in the Northern Hemisphere when the Sun is perpendicular to the equator. This day has equal hours of day and night. The first day of Fall is also called the Autumnal Equinox. In many areas it coincides with harvests. The first day of Fall happens between each year between September 22 and 24.
A President can only act to enforce existing law. Congress can rewrite the laws. If a President's actions are believed to be contradictory to the law or unconstitutional, they can be challenged in the courts. The Supreme Court has the ability to strike down an Executive Order. Those two checks limit the specific actions of the President. There is also impeachment. The House of Representatives can vote to impeach the President for treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. If his actions are seriously illegal, they will vote to impeach him on specific charges, and then the Senate will try him on the charges. If two-thirds of the Senate votes for a conviction, the President would be removed from office.
What do you mean, "count as owning property?" If you own it, it's property. If you're talking about the franchise then the property qualifications were set by the states and they varied with place and time. For example in 1776 in Georgia you needed 50 acres of land & ndash; even worthless land & ndash; while in Connecticut you qualified with 40 pounds worth of property of any kind, even chattels. Most states had more complicated systems with multiple ways to qualify through some combination of land area, land value, total property value, income, or taxes paid.
Flying fish From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search For other uses, see Flying fish (disambiguation). Not to be confused with Raining fish. Flying fish Temporal range: Miocene–Recent PreЄ Є O S D C P T J K Pg NSailfin flying-fish Parexocoetus brachypterus Scientific classification Kingdom: Animalia Phylum: Chordata Class: Actinopterygii Order: Beloniformes Suborder: Belonoidei Superfamily: Exocoetoidea Family: Exocoetidae Genera Cheilopogon Cypselurus Exocoetus Fodiator Hirundichthys Parexocoetus Prognichthys The Exocoetidae are a family of marine fishes in the order Beloniformes class Actinopterygii. Fish of this family are known as flying fish. About 64 species are grouped in seven to nine genera. Flying fish can make powerful, self-propelled leaps out of water into air, where their long, wing-like fins enable gliding flight for considerable distances above the water's surface. This uncommon ability is a natural defence mechanism to evade predators. The oldest known fossil of a flying or gliding fish, Potanichthys xingyiensis, dates back to the Middle Triassic, 235–242 million years ago. However, this fossil is not related to modern flying fish, which evolved independently about 66 million years ago. [1] [2]Contents [ hide ]1 Etymology2 Distribution and description2.1 Flight measurements3 Fishery and cuisine4 Importance4.1 Barbados4.1.1 Maritime disputes5 See also6 References7 External links Etymology [ edit]The term Exocoetidae is both the scientific name and the general name in Latin for a flying fish. The suffix -idae, common for indicating a family, follows the root of the Latin word exocoetus, a transliteration of the Ancient Greek name ἐξώκοιτος. This means literally "sleeping outside", from ἔξω "outside" and κοῖτος "bed", "resting place", verb root κει- "to lie down" (not "untruth"), [3] so named as flying fish were believed to leave the water to sleep ashore, [4] or due to flyingfish flying and thus stranding themselves in boats. A different etymological approach is Ancient Greek ἔξω "outside" + κύτος "hull", which means not submerged in the water. Distribution and description [ edit]Flying fish Flying fish taking off Flying fish live in all of the oceans, particularly in tropical and warm subtropical waters. They are commonly found in the epipelagic zone. This area is the top layer of the ocean that extends 200 m from the surface down. It is often known as the "sunlight zone" because it is where most of the visible light exists. Nearly all primary production, or photosynthesis, happens in this zone. [5] Therefore, the vast majority of plants and animals inhabit this area and can vary from plankton to the sharks. Although the epipelagic zone is an exceptional area for variety in life, it also has its drawbacks. Due to the vast variety of organisms it holds, high number of prey and predation relationships exist. [6] Small organisms such as the flying fish are targets for larger organisms. They especially have a hard time escaping predators and surviving until they can reproduce, resulting in them having a lower fitness. [6] Along with relationship difficulties, abiotic factors also play a part. Harsh ocean currents make it extremely difficult for small fish to survive in this habitat. Research suggests that difficult environmental factors in the flying fish's habitat have led to the evolution of modified fins. [7] As a result, flying fish have undergone natural selection in which species gain unique traits to better adapt to their environments. By becoming airborne, flying fish evade their predators. This increase of speed and maneuverability is a survival advantage to flying fish when compared to other species in their environment. It has also been purported that becoming airborne is not solely a predator evasion technique, as flying fish have been observed jumping from the water in the absence of predators. Theories including energy saving and introduction to food-rich environments have also been suggested. [6]The flying fish has undergone morphological changes throughout its history, the first 
What are the reasons that some people think Obamacare is so terrible?
Abraham Lincoln Biography Abraham Lincoln was born in a log cabin in Hardin County, Kentucky on February 12, 1809. Lincoln’s Emancipation Proclamation On January 1, 1863, Lincoln delivered the Emancipation Proclamation, reshaping the cause of the Civil War from saving the union to abolishing slavery.
affirm affirm Also found in: Dictionary, Thesaurus, Medical, Financial, Acronyms, Encyclopedia, Wikipedia . Affirm To ratify, establish, or reassert. To make a solemn and formal declaration, as a substitute for an oath, that the statements contained in an Affidavit are true or that a witness will tell the truth. In thepractice of appellate courts, to declare a judgment, decree, or order valid and to concur in itscorrectness so that it must stand as rendered in the lower court. As a matter of Pleading, to allege or aver a matter of fact. A judgment, decree, or order that is not affirmed is either remanded (sent back to the lower courtwith instructions to correct the irregularities noted in the appellate opinion) or reversed (changed by the appellate court so that the decision of the lower court is overturned). West's Encyclopedia of American Law, edition 2. Copyright 2008 The Gale Group, Inc. All rights reserved.affirmv. what an appeals court does if it agrees with and confirms a lower court's decision. Copyright © 1981-2005 by Gerald N. Hill and Kathleen T. Hill. All Right reserved.affirm (Claim), verb assert, asseverate, aver, declare to be fact, enunciate, establish, express, make a positive statement, make an assertion, proclaim, profess, state, state positively, state with convictionaffirm (Declare solemnly), verb asseverate, attest, aver, avouch, avow, depone, depose, give oral evidence, give sworn evidence, give verbal evidence, make a solemn declaration, make an asseveration, make an attestation, make an averment, pronounce, take one's oath, testify, vouch Associated concepts: affirm a contract Foreign phrases: Affirmanti, non neganti incumbit probaaio. The proof is borne by the person who af firms, rather than the person who denies. Affirmantis est probare. He who is af firming must prove. Ei incumbit probatio, qui dicit, non qui negat; cum per rerum naturam factum neeantis probationulla sit. The burden of proof lies upon him who asserts it, not upon him who denies; since, by thenature of things, he who denies a fact cannot produce any proof of it.affirm (Uphold), verb adfirmare, approve, certify, confirm, confirmare, endorse, establish, make firm, ratify, substantiate, support, sustain, validate, verify, vouch for, warrant Associated concepts: affirm a judicial decision, affirm on appeal, affirmed in part, affirmed in whole See also: accept, accredit, acknowledge, adduce, admit, agree, allege, annunciate, approve, argue, assent, assert, assure, attest, authorize, avouch, avow, bear, certify, claim, communicate, concede, concur, confirm, consent, contend, convey, corroborate, countenance, declare, depose, enunciate, express, indorse, maintain, mention, notarize, pass, plead, posit, profess, promise, reassure, remark, reveal, substantiate, support, sustain, swear, testify, uphold, validate, verify, vouch, vow, witness Burton's Legal Thesaurus, 4E. Copyright © 2007 by William C. Burton. Used with permission of The Mc Graw-Hill Companies, Inc.affirmto make an AFFIRMATION. Collins Dictionary of Law © W. J. Stewart, 2006TO AFFIRM, practice. 1. To ratify or confirm a former law or judgment, as when the supreme courtaffirms the judgment of the court of common pleas. 2. To make an affirmation, or to testify under an affirmation. A Law Dictionary, Adapted to the Constitution and Laws of the United States. By John Bouvier. Published 1856. Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us, add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content . Link to this page: Facebook Twitter 
In the early 1980s, Downtown Manhattan's no wave scene transitioned from its abrasive origins into a more dance-oriented sound, with compilations such as ZE's Mutant Disco (1981) highlighting a newly playful sensibility borne out of the city's clash of hip hop, disco and punk styles, as well as dub reggae and world music influences. Artists such as Liquid Liquid, the B-52s, Cristina, Arthur Russell, James White and the Blacks and Lizzy Mercier Descloux pursued a formula described by Luc Sante as "anything at all + disco bottom". The decadent parties and art installations of venues such as Club 57 and the Mudd Club became cultural hubs for musicians and visual artists alike, with figures such as Jean-Michel Basquiat, Keith Haring and Michael Holman frequenting the scene. Other no wave-indebted groups such as Swans, Glenn Branca, the Lounge Lizards, Bush Tetras and Sonic Youth instead continued exploring the early scene's forays into noise and more abrasive territory.
Estonia is a parliamentary representative democratic republic in which the Prime Minister of Estonia is the head of government and which includes a multi-party system. The political culture is stable in Estonia, where power is held between two and three parties that have been in politics for a long time. This situation is similar to other countries in Northern Europe. The former Prime Minister of Estonia, Andrus Ansip, is also Europe's longest-serving Prime Minister (from 2005 until 2014). The current Estonian Prime Minister is Taavi Rõivas, who is the former Minister of Social Affairs and the head of the Estonian Reform Party.
What is âAnyviewâ? Any View Box is the Multimedia application which play Moving picture, sound file(MP3), and the photo file based on PVR function. If you have additional questions or require further assistance, please chat with our experienced technical team online.
How Often Should I Strength Train to Lose Weight? It's possible to lose weight by resistance training only, but you would need to circuit train to get your heart rate up. Circuit training is doing at least 8 to 12 repetitions for one to three sets and moving on to the next exercise with little or no extended rest.
There was a trend toward the renaissance to begin to train soldiers exclusively for war. Also during the 14 hundreds and 15 hundreds, there became a permanently established military force in Italy as well as Hungary under the government of Corvinus, who used this standing army to successfully fight the Ottomans. This standing army preformed very well in battles, which leads me to conclude that not only were they trained well, but became veteran soldiers with time. The British also began establishing defenses during the viking years to deal with these attacks. As a consequence soldiers were retained to protect certain areas of the British defense fortifications. Source 2 deals with that a little bit. I have to go, but if you need clarification I can try to do that later. Interesting Reads: [Source 1](_URL_0_) [Source 2](_URL_1_)
Implicit Feedback-based Group Recommender System for Internet of Thing
  Applications
Your skin is always covered with various types of bacteria. The pelvic (specifically genitoanal) region, is typically populated by a class of bacteria known as [coliforms](_URL_0_), which are generally harmless when on the skin or in the normal environment in the intestines, but can cause illness if introduced elsewhere.  Simple washing alone won't get rid of these bacteria, as they are actually in your skin at a microscopic level and are constantly being replenished from other pelvic areas. They can still be transferred to your hands by touching or aerosolization. Short of autoclaving yourself from navel to knee, you're better off washing your hands post-piss.
Early Egyptian maps show the south as up. This might be because the Nile would flow down on the map, in the same direction as gravity (it flows up on our maps). What I've heard, and this might just be anecdotal, is that the Europeans wanted to be on top in maps so that's how they drew them. Then when their influence expanded because of their colonies and stuff, their maps just ended up becoming the standard.
How can Hillary Clinton win over Bernie Sanders supporters?
The Inner Ear: Sense of Balance and Hearing Your next lesson will play in 10 seconds Add to Timeline Autoplay 29K views Create an account to start this course today Try it free for 5 days!Create An Account Recommended Lessons and Courses for You Related Lessons Related Courses Anatomy of the Ear's External Structures How the Inner Ear Supports Hearing and Your Sense of Balance The Middle Ear: Structures & Functions The Ear: Middle Structures and Hearing Functions Lesson Transcript Instructor: Artem Cheprasov Learn how water is important when it comes to your inner ear, cochlea, and sense of hearing. Find out what cool names like the bony labyrinth, semicircular canals, ampulla, and vestibule mean. Fluid in Your Ears If you've ever been to a pool party, chances are it was really noisy. However, if you went into the pool and dove ever so slightly under the water, you would have noticed that the noise would have diminished considerably. With that in mind, you'd think that fluid would be something that hinders your ability to hear. The reality of the matter is that there is fluid in your ears that actually helps you hear better, not worse. The fluid in our inner ears is what helps us to hear. When sound reaches your ear, it vibrates your eardrum, which in turn vibrates little bones, called ossicles, in your middle ear. One of these ossicles, known as the stapes, will then vibrate a membrane called the oval window. This vibration is the key to understanding why fluid in your ears is critical to helping you hear the world around you. The Inner Ear and Bony Labyrinth The oval window is an opening covered by a membrane that separates the middle ear from the inner ear. Once the oval window begins to vibrate, it actually transmits sound waves that once traveled through the air into sound waves that will now travel through fluid. This transformation of sound waves traveling through air into sound waves traveling through fluid occurs in the inner ear. The inner ear is the innermost portion of the human ear and is involved in hearing and balance. The Bony Labyrinth The inner ear has a very strong outer wall made out of bone. We call this the bony labyrinth or osseous labyrinth. The bony labyrinth has three main parts: The cochlea The vestibule The semicircular canals The Cochlea The cochlea is a fluid-filled structure in the inner ear responsible for converting the vibrations of sound waves into electrochemical impulses known as action potentials. As the ossicle called the stapes moves the oval window in and out, it causes the oval window to compress the fluid in the cochlea. The three main parts of the bony labyrinth are the cochlea, vestibule and semicircular canals. This action converts sound waves traveling in the air to waves traveling through fluid. Once these fluid waves begin to move around in the cochlea, they begin to stimulate little hairs inside of the cochlea. This stimulation will eventually lead to the transmission of information stored as waves in the cochlear fluid into information that travels through electrical impulses. These electrical impulses will eventually reach the brain, where they will be interpreted into a sound. The Vestibule and Semicircular Canals While the cochlea is involved in hearing, the other two parts of the inner ear's bony labyrinth, the vestibule and semicircular canals, are involved in keeping you upright - your sense of balance, that is. To unlock this lesson you must be a Study.com Member. Create your account Register for a free trial Are you a student or a teacher? I am a student I am a teacher 
- Puerta Plata weather is tropical and humid with year round sunshine. The temperature is steady around 86 degrees F, with colder temperatures from November to April and warmer temperatures in summer months.
Weather in Iceland - best month to visit The coldest month in Iceland is january but in some location, especially north, february is the coldest. The mean temp for Reykjavik in january which is the coldest month is around 0 C°, but in the extreme south the mean temperature in january is +2-3 C°, which is comparable with locations in northern England. The rainest month in October but the driest is May in some location with up to 260 sunhours.
It depends on what the material is and what the acid is. Most metals that get "eaten away" by acid turn into a salt form. For example, zinc reacts with hydrochloric acid to form a solution of zinc chloride.  Organic materials (carbon-based) that get "eaten away" by acid might become completely oxidized to CO2. Others get converted into a carbon-rich charcoal-like substance. Again, it depends on the acid. There are some very specific reactions of some materials with some acids. Glass is attacked by hydrofluoric acid to produce silicon tetrafluoride, but no other acid reacts with glass in this manner. Aqua regia (a mixture of nitric and hydrochloric acid) reacts with gold and platinum to form complex metal salts, but these metals are completely unreactive toward less potent acids.
According to the [Flax Council of Canada](_URL_1_) a study on [storage and baking stability](_URL_0_) (pdf) says: Flaxseed, either whole or coarsely ground, appears stable to long-term storage at room temperature. Even after 308 days at 22°C (72°F) there was essentially no change in peroxide value as a measure of oxidation by-products or in the percentage of ALA in fat extracted from the stored flaxseed samples5. This demonstration of oxidative stability in common storage was later confirmed by direct measurement of oxygen consumption. One gram samples of whole flaxseed, milled flaxseed and extracted flax oil were held in individual sealed glass tubes for 280 days at room temperature with 12h alternating dark/light cycles. All three preparations showed little change in headspace oxygen during this time although the flax oil sample was more variable. The fatty acid composition of all three samples remained unchanged, suggesting that flaxseed ALA was stable to both heat and light.
- The crime of Simple Battery or Misdemeanor Battery is defined under Section 784.03, Florida Statutes. In Florida, the term battery means: 1  Any actual and intentional touching or striking of another person against that person’s will (non-consensual), or.2  The intentional causing of bodily harm to another person.o commit the crime of misdemeanor battery, an accused does not have to injure the alleged victim. The intentional touching against another person’s will is sufficient. In fact, where the allegation is that the touching was against the alleged victim’s will, the existence or extent of injury becomes irrelevant.
Fibrositis And Myofacial Pain Syndrome Fibrositis also known as Fibromyalgia or myofacial pain syndrome is a disease related to muscles, joints in the bones, and connective tissues of tendons.In this disease, severe pain and stiffness of the muscles is observed.n some cases, tenderness is also noticed due to Fibrositis and is considered to be a chronic disease. This disease causes sleeplessness and restlessness, and a fatigued feeling in the muscles. Tension, anxiety, depression, bowel functioning problems, and tiredness are some common symptoms of this disease.
Parent material Parent material is the underlying geological material (generally bedrock or a superficial or drift deposit) in which soil horizons form.cean deposited parent materials, called marine sediments, are collections of material that have been carried by rivers and streams to the ocean and eventually sink to the bottom.
Right. When you sleep, your body goes through 90-ish minute cycles.  You can imagine these as a roller coaster and when you wake up as jumping off that roller coaster. So if you time your alarm to go off when you are closer to the "bottom" of that cycle (not in a deep REM state) it is akin to simply stepping off a roller coaster near the ground. However, if you wake up at the "top" of the cycle, it is like jumping from one of the higher points of the track. Your body will take hours to recover from that kind of gear shift.  [I like to use this site to sort out my bed times.](_URL_0_)
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
How can I specify the default JVM arguments for programs I run from eclipse?
Presidio Santa Maria de Galve The Presidio Santa Maria de Galve, founded in 1698 by Spanish colonists, was the first European settlement of Pensacola, Florida after that of Tristan de Luna in 1559-1561. It was in the area of Fort Barrancas at modern-day Naval Air Station Pensacola, in northwestern Florida.
McLennan County, Texas Mc Lennan County, Texas From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Mc Lennan County, Texas The Mc Lennan County courthouse in Waco Location in the U. S. state of Texas Texas's location in the U. S. Founded 1850Named for Neil Mc Lennan Seat Waco Largest city Waco Area• Total 1,060 sq mi (2,745 km 2)• Land 1,037 sq mi (2,686 km 2)• Water 23 sq mi (60 km 2 ), 2.2%Population (est. )• ( 2017) 251,259• Density 227/sq mi (88/km 2)Congressional district 17th Time zone Central: UTC−6 / −5Website www .co .mclennan .tx .us Mc Lennan County is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in Central Texas. As of the 2010 census, its population was 234,906. [1] Its county seat is Waco. [2] The U. S. census 2017 county population estimate is 251,259. [3] The county is named for Neil Mc Lennan, [4] an early settler. Mc Lennan County is included in the Waco Metropolitan Statistical Area. Contents [ hide ]1 History1.1 Institutions of higher education1.2 Crash at Crush1.3 West fertilizer plant explosion1.4 Waco Siege1.5 Twin Peaks biker shootout2 County government3 Politics4 Geography4.1 Major highways4.2 Adjacent counties5 Demographics6 Education6.1 Colleges6.2 Public school districts7 Communities7.1 Cities (multiple counties)7.2 Cities7.3 Towns7.4 Census-designated place7.5 Other unincorporated communities8 See also9 References10 External links History [ edit]This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (August 2008) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Mc Lennan County was created by the Texas Legislature in 1850 out of Milam County. The county seat, Waco, had been founded as an outpost of the Texas Rangers, laid out by George B. Erath, and was known by 1850 as "Waco Village." According to local lore, the first sustained flight did not occur in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina, but just outside Tokio (a small community in Mc Lennan County) by a man flying a gyrocopter. During World War I, Mc Lennan County was home to at least one military airfield, Rich Field. In the aftermath of World War I, racial violence disrupted county life, culminating in two major Ku Klux Klan marches (one in Waco and another in Lorena) and the public lynching of numerous Black citizens. (One such public lynching is the catalyst behind a "Lynching Resolution" being discussed by the Waco City Council and the Mc Lennan County Commissioners Court .) Mc Lennan County's contributions to World War II include the reopening of Rich Field, Doris Miller (awarded the Navy Cross for his heroism at Pearl Harbor, also the first African American to earn such distinction), and James Connally (a locally famous World War II fighter pilot). Institutions of higher education [ edit]In 1886, Baylor University relocated from Independence, Texas, to Waco and absorbed Waco University. During the early 20th century, Mc Lennan County was home to as many as five colleges; in addition to Baylor, the other colleges included the predecessor to what is now known as Texas Christian University (now in Fort Worth ), Paul Quinn College (relocated since to Dallas ), and two other short-lived colleges. In the 1960s, the Texas Legislature created the first community college to use those words in the name, Mc Lennan Community College. Around the same time, what is now the flagship institution of Texas State Technical College was founded as James Connally Technical Institute, as a member of the Texas A&M University System. Today, Baylor, Mc Lennan Community College, and Texas State Technical College remain in Mc Lennan County and absorb a large portion of the college-bound high school graduates from the county and the surrounding areas. Crash at Crush [ edit]Crush, Texas, was a short-lived town in Mc Lennan County, about 15 miles (24 km) north of Waco. It was established to stage a publicity stunt concocted by William George Crush and the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad. The stunt involved the collision of two 35-ton steam locomotives in front of 
Rebated / Tegular / Microlook Edge Ceiling Tiles Rebated / Tegular / Microlook Edge Ceiling Tiles Rebated ceiling tiles are ceiling tiles with either a Tegular or Microlook edge detail. The Tegular and Microlook edge details, are essentially a rebated edge along each of the four sides of the tile, which result in a tile that sit below the grid. Most commonly: Tegular ceiling tiles are used in conjunction with a 24mm grid. Microlook ceiling tiles are used in conjunction with a 15mm grid. Please be sure to check on the product page that the ceiling tile you have chosen is suitable for the correct grid size. Display: Show: Sort By: Armstrong Bioguard Tegular / Rebated 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £48.00 +VAT £57.60 Inc VATAdd to Cart Armstrong Cortega Tegular 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £48.40 +VAT £58.08 Inc VATAdd to Cart Armstrong Dune Supreme Tegular / Rebated 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £46.00 +VAT £55.20 Inc VATAdd to Cart Armstrong Fine Fissured Tegular / Rebated 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £50.00 +VAT £60.00 Inc VATAdd to Cart Armstrong Microlook Dune Supreme 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £55.00 +VAT £66.00 Inc VATAdd to Cart Armstrong Ultima Microlook Rebated Edge 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £72.00 +VAT £86.40 Inc VATAdd to Cart Rockfon Alaska Tegular 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £55.00 +VAT £66.00 Inc VATAdd to Cart Rockfon Koral Microlook / Rebated Edge 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £55.00 +VAT £66.00 Inc VATAdd to Cart Rockfon Pacific Tegular 600 x 600 Ceiling Tiles £28.00 +VAT £33.60 Inc VATAdd to Cart Showing 1 to 9 of 9 (1 Pages) 
Earthquakes happen all the time, especially on [Pacific Ring of Fire](_URL_0_) - which both Japan and New Zealand are located on.  If the Japan tsunami and Christchurch ones hadn't been so destructive (which could have just meant epicentre being a few miles away) then the rest wouldn't stick in memory so be associated together - though the 2004 tsunami causing such widespread loss of life will mean people are worried about them for years/decades I wouldn't worry as most people are more likely to be killed in car crash than earthquake
Marco Polo: Facts, Biography & Travels Live Science History Reference: Marco Polo: Facts, Biography & Travels By Jessie Szalay, Live Science Contributor | August 29, 2017 10:10pm ETMOREMarco Polo, one of the most famed travelers of the Middle Ages, inspired countless explorers and helped to define Europeans' understanding of travel routes and geography. Marco Polo was one of the first and most famous Europeans to travel to Asia during the Middle Ages. He traveled farther than any of his predecessors during his 24-year journey along the Silk Road, reaching China and Mongolia, where he became a confidant of Kublai Khan. The story of his journey is told in "Il Milione" ("The Million"), commonly called "The Travels of Marco Polo." Polo's adventures influenced European mapmakers and inspired Christopher Columbus. In Polo's day and even today, there has been some doubt about whether Polo really went to China. However, most experts agree that he did indeed make the journey. Early life Marco Polo was born around 1254 into a wealthy Venetian merchant family, though the actual date and location of his birth are unknown. His father, Niccolo, and his uncle Maffeo were successful jewel merchants who spent much of Marco's childhood in Asia. Marco's mother died when he was young; therefore, young Marco was primarily raised by extended family. "The merchant families were the movers and shakers of commerce and government in medieval Venice," Susan Abernethy of The Freelance History Writer told Live Science. They expanded long-distance trade and people began to expect accessibility to the foreign goods they brought. Merchants, like the Polo family, became increasingly wealthier. Marco Polo Credit: Public domain The Polo brothers went as far as China, then called Cathay, during their travels. They met the Mongol leader, Kublai Khan, at his court in Beijing. Kublai Khan, grandson of the great conqueror Genghis Khan, expressed interest in Christianity and requested that the Polo brothers return to Rome to speak to the pope on his behalf. Khan wanted the pope to send the Polo brothers back to Beijing with holy water and 100 learned priests. "Khan was an exceptional ruler for many reasons," said Abernethy. "He opened up the Mongol and Chinese empires to travelers and traders. He patronized scholars, scientists, astronomers, doctors, artists and poets. Khan himself was an expert in Chinese poetry. In turn, Khan was able to take advantage of the knowledge of these foreigners in enormous projects such as efforts in water management and hydraulic engineering and warfare and siege engineering and other endeavors." The Polos were one family that Khan trusted and learned from. When Marco was 15, his father and uncle returned home. Though the pope did not grant their request, the Polo brothers decided to return to Asia. This time, they took 17-year-old Marco with them. The slow road to China The party sailed south from Venice across the Mediterranean to the Holy Land. They had brought two friars — the best they could do for Kublai Khan's request — but upon getting a taste of difficult travel life, the friars turned back. The Polos continued, traveling primarily overland and swinging north and south through Armenia, Persia, Afghanistan and the Pamir Mountains. Then, they cut across the vast Gobi Desert to Beijing. The journey took three or four years and was rife with hardships and adventure. Marco Polo contracted an illness and was forced to take refuge in the mountains of northern Afghanistan for an extended period of time. Polo described there being "nothing at all to eat," in the Gobi Desert. Nevertheless, young Marco Polo enjoyed a keen sense of adventure and curiosity, taking in the sights, smells and cultural phenomena with wonder. In Xanadu, with Kublai Khan Finally, the Polos reached Beijing and met Kublai Khan at the summer palace, Xanadu, a glorious marble and gold structure that enchanted young Marco. Khan happily received the Polos. He invited them to stay and for Niccolo and Maffeo to become part of his court. Marco immersed himself in Ch
That said, the score does not provide complete and exact instructions on how to perform a historical work. Even if the tempo is written with an Italian instruction (e.g., Allegro), we do not know exactly how fast the piece should be played. As well, in the Baroque era, many works that were designed for basso continuo accompaniment do not specify which instruments should play the accompaniment or exactly how the chordal instrument (harpsichord, lute, etc.) should play the chords, which are not notated in the part (only a figured bass symbol beneath the bass part is used to guide the chord-playing performer). The performer and/or the conductor have a range of options for musical expression and interpretation of a scored piece, including the phrasing of melodies, the time taken during fermatas (held notes) or pauses, and the use (or choice not to use) of effects such as vibrato or glissando (these effects are possible on various stringed, brass and woodwind instruments and with the human voice).
No. For instance, large amounts of chlorine are lethal.
Maps & Directions Maps & Directions Maps & Directions Driving Directions Passenger Pick-up Passenger Drop-off The Indianapolis International Airport is located off I-70 via exit 68, just five minutes west of I-465.7800 Col. H. Weir Cook Memorial Drive Indianapolis, IN 46241Don't see something you're looking for? Contact Guest Services at 317-487-7243 or reach out to us through our online contact form. If you're at IND, you can stop by the Guest Services desk which is located in Civic Plaza, just beyond Ticketing Hall. Driving Directions Find driving directions to the Indianapolis International Airport from all over the state. Directions Passenger Pick-up Passengers can be picked up at curbside on the arrivals level of the terminal and met inside of the terminal. Passenger Pick-up Passenger Drop-off Passengers can be dropped off at curbside on the departures level of the terminal or escorted into the terminal at the Ticketing Hall. Passenger Drop-off IND Maps & Information Click the tiles below to download PDF maps of our spaces at IND. Terminal Map Looking for something specific during your trip? Click here for our terminal map and information. Walking Paths Map Walking paths are offered at IND at pre-security and post-security locations. Click here for our walking paths map and information. Arts Program Map The art program at IND begin in 2005 and most of this artwork is open to the public. Click here for our arts program map and information. 
Vital Records Vital Records Phone: (309) 679-6032 Email: vitalhealth@peoriacounty.org Vital Records Program: The Peoria City/County Health Department issues, records, and maintains birth certificates, death certificates and burial permits. Under Illinois State Law (410 ILCS 535-Vital Records Act) only specific individuals have legal access to birth or death certificates. Vital records are not considered public information, nor are they subject to the Freedom of Information Act. No information will be given over the telephone regarding an individual's vital records. Requesting Vital Reconds in Person at the Health Department: Birth Certificates: Peoria County birth certificates are available from 1982-present. To obtain records prior to 1982, contact the Peoria County Clerk's Office. You have a legal right to a birth certificate if you are: An individual of legal age (18 or an emancipated minor) if requesting your own birth certificate. The mother of the child whose birth certificate is being requested. The father of the child if you are listed on the birth certificate. A father who is not listed on the birth certificate does not have legal access to a copy of that certificate. A legal guardian with documentation to show legal guardianship. You will need to show a government issued photo ID: Driver's license or State IDBirth Certificate Fees: $16.00 for the first copy; $7.00 for each additional copy. Vital Records accepts payments via cash, money order, cashier's check, or personal check. Major credit and debit cards accepted and will be charged a service fee to GOVPAYNET. Death Certificates: Peoria County death certificates are available from 1995-present. To obtain records prior to 1995, contact the Peoria County Clerk's Office. You have a legal right to a death certificate if you are: The informant listed on the death certificate. The next of kin. Someone who has a personal or property right interest in the record, and documentation to show this. You will need to show a government issued photo ID: Driver's license or State IDDeath Certificate Fees: $20.00 for the first copy; $11.00 for each additional copy. Vital Records accepts payments via cash, money order, cashier's check, or personal check. Major credit and debit cards accepted and will be charged a service fee to GOVPAYNET. Requesting Vital Records by Mail: Normal response time is 7 days but may take up to 30 days. Print application: English or Spanish Collect documents and fee to mail with your request: Completed application signed by the applicant Copy of a government issued PHOTO ID with signature (Driver's license or state ID)Check or money order made payable to "Peoria City/County Health Department." (DO NOT SEND CASH)Mail documents and fee to: Peoria City/County Health Department Attention: Vital Records 2116 N. Sheridan Road Peoria, Illinois 61604Additional Locations to Obtain Vital Records: Peoria County birth and death certificates may also be obtained from the Peoria County Clerk's Office, Peoria County Courthouse, 324 Main Street, Peoria Illinois, telephone: 309/672-6059. The Peoria County Clerk's Office is open Monday through Friday from 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM. Online private agency for certified vital records from most states; website: www.vitalchek.com/. This is an authorized source for government-issued vital records with a transaction fee charged. Information about Establishing Paternity: A voluntary acknowledgment of paternity form is available from any county clerk, health department or public aid office. The form can be completed if the biological parents of a child are not married, are both available to sign forms and no other man is listed on the birth record. If you have questions about completing the form, call the Child Support Customer Service Call Center at 1-800-447-4278. For more information, visit http://www.dph.illinois.gov/topics-services/birth-death-other-records/birth-records/paternity. Additional Resource Information: For information about Illinois Adoption Records, Genealogy Records, Record Corrections, and other Vital Records, visi
- ALLUVIUM, soil or land deposited by running water. The northern half of the province is flat, and even marshy along the coast, and consists of a broad band of alluvium formed by the series of parallel rivers descending from the south. Korean soil consists largely of light sandy loam, disintegrated lava, and rich, stoneless alluvium, from 3 to 1 0 ft.
. Ground Fishing Tantas Ledge, Gulf of Maine In September of 2003 we spent a week fishing Tantas Ledge in the Gulf of Maine. The weather was excellent and the Atlantic was calm for the most part. We traveled 12 miles out with the tuna boats to Tantas each day from our base at Marstons Marina on the Saco River. Although the dogfish (small sharks) had invaded the fishing grounds, we were able to catch good numbers of cod, haddock and cusk on Norwegian style jigs. We also caught pollock, robins, herring, and dogfish. On five different occaisions we had whales surfacing very near our boat. Large sharks also hovered alongside our 22' Bayliner scarfing up the undersized fish we were returning. The tuna were around too, as we heard of several reports of fish caught on days we were out there. In the evening we were treated to large groups of schooly stripers feeding in the Saco River. Although these linesides were kind of small, they provided consistant action on light jigs and tubes/worm combos. Back to the home page 
Top 10 Qualities of a Great Veterinarian 1 Communication Skills A great veterinarian has excellent communication skills and can talk effectively with pet owners to determine exactly what the animal needs, as well as explain clearly to the owner what the diagnosis is and what the treatment will be. great veterinarian is held in the highest regard by animal lovers and pet owners. They provide much needed preventative and emergency care to beloved dogs, cats, horses, and other animals. To be the most successful in the field, a great veterinarian should have:
- Area code 97 is in Machang,Paramaribo,Aswan. This is the 97 area codes list.We hope you enjoy our FREE International areacode search service.Area Code 97 is in Aspen,Breckenridge,Vail,Fort Collins,Grand Junction,etc..his is the 97 area codes list.We hope you enjoy our FREE International areacode search service.Area Code 97 is in Aspen,Breckenridge,Vail,Fort Collins,Grand Junction,etc..
How Much Are Band Directors Paid? According to the United States Department of Labor (DOL), the mean annual wage for head band directors is $25.84 per hour, or $53,760 annually. The director's exact wages depend on his experience and whether he is directing a professional or amateur band. According to 2012 DOL reports, 50 percent of all employed directors earn an hourly wage of $22.80, or $47,410 annually. The top 10th percentile earn $85,770 annually with the bottom 10th earning only $22,190.
Proteins at the Y-shaped DNA replication fork Proteins at the Y-shaped DNA replication fork Proteins at the Y-shaped DNA replication fork Focusing on the schematic illustration in a, two DNA polymerase molecules are active at the fork at any one time. One moves continuously to produce the new daughter DNA molecule on the leading strand, whereas the other produces a long series of short Okazaki DNA fragments on the lagging strand. Both polymerases are anchored to their template by polymerase accessory proteins, in the form of a sliding clamp and a clamp loader. A DNA helicase, powered by ATP hydrolysis, propels itself rapidly along one of the template DNA strands (here the lagging strand), forcing open the DNA helix ahead of the replication fork. The helicase exposes the bases of the DNA helix for the leading-strand polymerase to copy. DNA topoisomerase enzymes facilitate DNA helix unwinding. In addition to the template, DNA polymerases need a pre-existing DNA or RNA chain end (a primer) onto which to add each nucleotide. For this reason, the lagging strand polymerase requires the action of a DNA primase enzyme before it can start each Okazaki fragment. The primase produces a very short RNA molecule (an RNA primer) at the 58 end of each Okazaki fragment onto which the DNA polymerase adds nucleotides. Finally, the single-stranded regions of DNA at the fork are covered by multiple copies of a single-strand DNA-binding protein, which hold the DNA template strands open with their bases exposed. In the folded fork structure shown in the inset, the lagging-strand DNA polymerase remains tied to the leading-strand DNA polymerase. This allows the lagging-strand polymerase to remain at the fork after it finishes the synthesis of each Okazaki fragment. As a result, this polymerase can be used over and over again to synthesize the large number of Okazaki fragments that are needed to produce a new DNA chain on the lagging strand. In addition to the above group of core proteins, other proteins (not shown) are needed for DNA replication. These include a set of initiator proteins to begin each new replication fork at This image is linked to the following Scitable pages: DNA Replication and Checkpoint Control in S Phase During DNA replication, the unwinding of strands leaves a single strand vulnerable. How does the cell protect these strands from damage? Add Content to Group Bookmark Keywords Flag Inappropriate Comments Please Post Your Comment No comments yet. 
What Are the Benefits of Flaxseed Lignans? They also provide phytoestrogens -- plant compounds with a chemical structure similar to human estrogen -- in the form of lignans. Flax lignans offer several potential health benefits and may help prevent disease, however, many of these benefits are not yet fully understood. The lignans in flaxseed may have beneficial effects on your cardiovascular system. Diets rich in lignans may reduce blood cholesterol and triglyceride levels, as well as blood pressure -- three risk factors for heart disease -- according to a review of literature published in Nutrition Reviews in 2010.
The Man with the Iron Fists The Man with the Iron Fists is a 2012 American martial arts film directed by RZA and written by RZA and Eli Roth . The film stars RZA , Russell Crowe , Cung Le , Lucy Liu , Byron Mann , Rick Yune , Dave Bautista , and Jamie Chung . Set in 19th century China , the story follows a series of lone warriors who are forced to unite to defeat a common foe and save their home of Jungle Village .   Development began in 2005 when RZA shared his idea for the film with Roth . After nearly two years of development , Roth and RZA secured financial backing in May 2010 . Filming began in December 2010 on a $ 15 million budget and concluded by March 2011 . The film was shot in Shanghai and at other locations in China . RZA and Howard Drossin composed the film 's musical score , and RZA produced its soundtrack , which featured several new songs by various artists . A series of concerts featuring music from the soundtrack were held to promote the film .   The film was released in North America on November 2 , 2012 . Critics were divided over the film 's homage to martial arts films , considering it well-choreographed and representative of the genre , but offering nothing original , and the direction was criticized for a lack of refinement . The performances of Crowe and Mann were well received . The film earned $ 19 million at the box office .
Yes, because something that hot will be heating your arm hot enough to burn you. It doesn't matter if you can get the signal from your finger or not if the rest of your arm and body is on fire.
Debbie Reynolds scandal which led to the cancellation of Eddie Fisher's television show. In 2011, Reynolds was on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" just weeks before Elizabeth Taylor's death. She explained that she and Taylor happened to be traveling at the same time on the ocean liner "Queen Elizabeth" some time in the late 1960s or early 1970s when they reconciled. Reynolds sent a note to Taylor's room, and Taylor sent a note in reply asking to have dinner with Reynolds and end their feud. As Reynolds described it, "we had a wonderful evening with a lot of laughs." In 1972, she noted
What is the hypothalamus and what does it do? The Hypothalamus Gland. The hypothalamus is part of the brain lying under the thalamus. The stalk of the pituitary gland is attached to the hypothalamus. The main function of the hypothalamus is homeostasis, or maintaining the body's status quo. Factors such as blood pressure, body temperature, fluid and electrolyte balance, and body weight are held to a precise value called the set-point.
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
- Thought to be a gigantic tomb built for the the pharaoh Khufu over a 10 to 20-year period that ended somewhere around 2560 BC, the Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt is the single remaining vestige of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.hen it was first built it was 146.5 metres high, before crumbling to 138.8 metres tall, where it stands now. There are three known chambers in the Great Pyramid-the base chamber sits on the bedrock and supports the rest of the pyramid, while the upper two chambers are called the Queen’s and King’s Chambers.
Frequency specific microcurrent (February 2009) Frequency specific microcurrent or frequency specific microcurrent therapy (FSMT) is the practice of introducing a mild electrical current into an area of damaged soft tissue. Practitioners believe that the introduced current enhances the healing process underway in that same tissue.
Systemic scleroderma Systemic sclerosis or systemic scleroderma is an autoimmune or connective tissue disease. It is characterized by thickening of the skin caused by accumulation of collagen, and by injuries to the smallest arteries.usculoskeletal. The first joint symptoms that patients with scleroderma have are typically non specific joint pains, which can lead to arthritis, or cause discomfort in tendons or muscles. Joint mobility, especially of the small joints of the hand, may be restricted by calcinosis or skin thickening.
What does fluid on/in the lung mean? What does fluid on/in the lung mean? by winfrith49 » Fri Jan 13, 2012 5:46 pm. Fluid on the lungs cannot be a definite diagnosis for lung cancer...you'll have to have the fluid biopsied and tested...if malignant(cancerous) cells are found, then it'd be lung cancer. However, fluid on the lungs can also mean infection (pneumonia or TB or something else), pancreatitis and other conditions. So, I can;t say for sure that you have cancer what would lead to the diagnosis of your condition is a biopsy.
This article describes the HR Management System in place at Sears. Key emphases of Sears' HR management infrastructure include : (1) formulating and communicating a corporate mission, vision, and goals, (2) employee education and development through the Sears University, (3) performance management and incentive compensation systems linked closely to the firm's strategy, (4) validated employee selection systems, and (5) delivering the "HR Basics" very competently. Key challenges for the future include : (1) maintaining momentum in the performance improvement process, (2) identifying barriers to success, and (3) clearly articulating HR's role in the change management process . © 1999 John Wiley & Sons, Inc .
Show a header widget only on the homepage
Health Benefits of Strawberries, Blueberries & Blackberries Regular intake of fiber might cut your risk of heart disease and certain types of cancer. A 1-cup serving of strawberries supplies 3.3 grams of fiber. The same amount of blueberries contains 3.6 grams, and a 1-cup serving of blackberries provides 7.6 grams.
There are tiny (microscopic) capsules filled with scented chemicals on the surface of any sort of "scratch n' sniff" surface. When you scratch them with your finger, you rupture some of them and release the smell.
It's because in the USA tv shows have a refresh rate of 24 Hz, where as its 25 Hz in the UK. When U.S. tv shows are aired on UK channels, they are sped up slightly. So it's not just the opening, it's the whole show. Everyone has slightly higher pitched voices too.
they have data from many many years (modern meteorologhy is as old as thermometr and barometer ) they know that if you have this wind and this teprature and this air pressure in given place there is xx% chance it will be raining becouse similar readings were in 1890, 1895 1920 and there was rain
They have an electronic oscillator circuit which changes frequency in the presence of matter. The wall has capacitance which changes with density. You put the finder against the wall, press the button, and it does a calibration based on the drywall or paneling. When you move it across the wall, it senses changes in the oscillator's frequency and converts the deviation into a few distinct levels to light some LEDs.
USS Arizona Memorial USS Arizona Memorial The USS "Arizona" Memorial, at Pearl Harbor in Honolulu, Hawaii, marks the resting place of 1,102 of the 1,177 sailors and Marines killed on during the Japanese surprise attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941 and commemorates the events of that day. The attack on Pearl Harbor and the island of Oahu led to the United States' direct involvement in World War II. The memorial, built in 1962, has been visited by more than two million people annually. Accessible only by boat, it straddles the sunken hull of the battleship without touching it. Historical information about
Logitech unifying receiver, Chrome plugin work on android? I lost my antenna for my Logitech keyboard and mouse. I decided to buy a Logitech Unifying Receiver. But I can't find any drivers for it for Android except the Chrome plugin.

I don't understand, is the driver running from Chrome (on android) or is it for Chrome OS only?

I have a Android 6.0 for my TV box.

To reiterate, can I install the driver in Android Chrome and pair my mouse and keyboard to my TV box that way?

Thanks in advance.
I feel like most of these answers miss the point. Most movies/shows you watch have Christian exorcism because Hollywood is a Western movie industry which makes movies mostly for the Western world. And the West is Christian, historically anyway. If you watch shows from Muslim countries that have exorcism than they will use Islam for the exorcism. I have watched such shows. In animes demons/spirits are often fought by Shinto or Buddhism.
Composition of the human body Almost 99% of the mass of the human body is made up of six elements: oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, calcium, and phosphorus. Only about 0.85% is composed of another five elements: potassium, sulfur, sodium, chlorine, and magnesium. All 11 are necessary for life.
Nintendo was accused of antitrust behavior because of the strict licensing requirements. The United States Department of Justice and several states began probing Nintendo's business practices, leading to the involvement of Congress and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The FTC conducted an extensive investigation which included interviewing hundreds of retailers. During the FTC probe, Nintendo changed the terms of its publisher licensing agreements to eliminate the two-year rule and other restrictive terms. Nintendo and the FTC settled the case in April 1991, with Nintendo required to send vouchers giving a $5 discount off to a new game, to every person that had purchased a NES title between June 1988 and December 1990. GameSpy remarked that Nintendo's punishment was particularly weak giving the case's findings, although it has been speculated that the FTC did not want to damage the video game industry in the United States.
Hepatitis C Hepatitis C infection is caused by the hepatitis C virus (HCV). You can catch hepatitis C if the blood of someone who has hepatitis C enters your body. Exposure may occur: 1  After a needle stick or sharps injury.  If blood from someone who has hepatitis C contacts a cut on your skin or contacts your eyes or mouth.
The study of the molecular and cellular components that comprise the immune system, including their function and interaction, is the central science of immunology. The immune system has been divided into a more primitive innate immune system and, in vertebrates, an acquired or adaptive immune system. The latter is further divided into humoral (or antibody) and cell-mediated components.
- Esthetician salary. Esthetician’s salary in United States of America is around $31,720 per annum and the hourly wage is around $13.90 per hour. The hourly wage annual salary for the upper 10 percent estheticians is around more than $24.47 per hour, while the lower 10 percent of them earn less than $8.22 per hour.he average and median expected salary for an esthetician in the UK is around £20,300 and £21,500 per year and a yearly bonus of about £200 is included as well. The starting hourly wage ranges from £5.80 – £19.87 per hour.
Activate Your Wells Fargo Credit Card You can activate your new debit card from Wells Fargo at an ATM or over the telephone. If you call to activate your debit card, you will need to call from your home phone. The phone number is 1 (877) 294-6933 and it takes just about a minute activate your new debit card for use. If you choose to activate your debit card at a Wells Fargo ATM, all you need to do is enter your PIN.
Literature / Zahrah the Windseeker Literature: Zahrah the Windseeker. Zahrah the Windseeker is the debut novel of Nnedi Okorafor, published in 2005. The story is a Science Fantasy set on the fictional planet of Ginen, where people live in, with, and by the plantlife, growing not only their food but their houses and their computers.
Packing Food While Traveling? I'm going to be doing some traveling soon and don't want to pay outrageous markup.  What food would you recommend for packing that is simple to prepare in advance (no more complicated than "follow these literal directions"), can safely be stored in a room-temperature bag for as long as 14 hours (possibly even longer), resilient to crushing, compact, can be eaten immediately after being unpacked, and inexpensive?

I took a look at Cookit: What are your favourite camping/hiking meals? which seems like a similar problem, but it's a little different since he has a lot of downtime and cooking equipment.  I have neither.
There are more contemporary variations on it in use today but good old-fashioned [patch clamp recording](_URL_4_) is how ion currents and action potentials are measured in a cell.  The basic idea, which was developed in the '60s-'70s, and for which several Nobel Prizes have been awarded, is that a very finely glass pipette tip is applied to a small patch of membrane, isolating a single ion channel (see the [image here](_URL_3_)). Ions fluxing through the channel generate a current that can be measured by an electrode in the pipette tip. This can be done in two modes: voltage-clamp and current-clamp. In the former case the voltage is held constant in order to measure ion flux through a channel. In the latter case the current is held constant, permitting the measurement of action potentials over time.
OS jailbreaking is the process of removing the limitations on Apple devices running the iOS operating system through the use of software and hardware exploits – such devices include the iPhone, iPod touch, iPad, and second generation Apple TV. Jailbreaking permits root access to the iOS operating system, allowing the download of additional applications, extensions, and themes that are unavailable through the official Apple App Store. In other words you get everything including apps, games, whatever, for Free and doing stuff on the iPad/ipod/iphone that APple didnt put inside the phone.
Water could be contaminated with industrial waste, poison and heavy metals. Some bacteria also release toxins upon death. You can't boil these away. You could theoretically turn water into steam and condese it into pure water, but that requires a lot of fuel/electricity and is more expensive in the long run, than proper filtration system.
What are some ways of freezing sour cream?
Rumpelstiltskin From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search"Rumpel" redirects here. For the municipality in Schleswig-Holstein in Germany, see Rümpel. For other uses, see Rumpelstiltskin (disambiguation). This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (June 2014) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message)Rumpelstiltskin Illustration from Andrew Lang 's The Blue Fairy Book (1889)Folk tale Name Rumpelstiltskin Also known as Tom Tit Tot Päronskaft Repelsteeltje Cvilidreta Data Country Germany England Netherlands Published in Grimm's Fairy Tales English Fairy Tales Rumpelstiltskin is a fairytale popularly associated with Germany (where he is known as Rumpelstilzchen ). The tale was one collected by the Brothers Grimm in the 1812 edition of Children's and Household Tales. According to researchers at Durham University and the Universidade Nova de Lisboa, the story originated around 4,000 years ago. [1] [2]Contents [ hide ]1 Plot2 Variants3 Name origins4 Names used in translations5 Appearances in media5.1 Literature5.2 Comics5.3 Music5.4 Television5.5 Film5.6 Games5.7 Psychology6 References7 External links Plot [ edit]In order to appear superior, a miller lies to the king, telling him that his daughter can spin straw into gold. (Some versions make the miller's daughter blonde and describe the "straw-into-gold" claim as a careless boast the miller makes about the way his daughter's straw-like blond hair takes on a gold-like lustre when sunshine strikes it.) The king calls for the girl, shuts her in a tower room filled with straw and a spinning wheel, and demands she spin the straw into gold by morning or he will cut off her head (other versions have the king threatening to lock her up in a dungeon forever). When she has given up all hope, an imp -like creature appears in the room and spins the straw into gold in return for her necklace (since he only comes to people seeking a deal/trade). When next morning the king takes the girl to a larger room filled with straw to repeat the feat, the imp once again spins, in return for the girl's ring. On the third day, when the girl has been taken to an even larger room filled with straw and told by the king that he will marry her if she can fill this room with gold or execute her if she cannot, the girl has nothing left with which to pay the strange creature. He extracts from her a promise that she will give him her firstborn child and so he spins the straw into gold a final time. (In some versions, the imp appears and begins to turn the straw into gold, paying no heed to the girl's protests that she has nothing to pay him with; when he finishes the task, he states that the price is her first child, and the horrified girl objects because she never agreed to this arrangement. )Two illustrations by Anne Anderson from Grimm's Fairy Tales (London and Glasgow 1922)The king keeps his promise to marry the miller's daughter. But when their first child is born, the imp returns to claim his payment: "Now give me what you promised." She offers him all the wealth she has to keep the child but the imp has no interest in her riches. He finally consents to give up his claim to the child if she can guess his name within three days. (Some versions have the imp limiting the number of daily guesses to three and hence the total number of guesses allowed to a maximum of nine.) Her many guesses fail, but before the final night, she wanders into the woods (in some versions, she sends a servant into the woods instead of going herself in order to keep the king's suspicions at bay) searching for him and comes across his remote mountain cottage and watches, unseen, as he hops about his fire and sings. In his song's lyrics, "tonight tonight, my plans I make, tomorrow tomorrow, the baby I take. The queen will never win the game, for Rumpelstiltskin is my name'", he reveals his name. When the imp comes to the queen on the third day, after first feigning ignorance, 
10 Best Jeep of All Time 10 Best Jeep of All Time Posted in Project Vehicles on August 1, 2015 Share this Jp Staff Photographers: Jp Archives Courtesy of Chrysler Normally when I put together one of these staff-compilation stories I do so with the iron fist of an evil dictator. I enforc my will upon the contributions of Cappa and Trasborg, tossing their opinions to the wayside when they don't jive with mine and substituting my own reality when applicable. But for this story I took a decidedly more democratic slant, allowing each staffer his say. In the end, the top ten winners were the Jeeps that garnered the most votes staff-wide-not just in Hazel's little world where the sky is green, the stars are marshmallow, and it rains Dr. Pepper every Saturday afternoon. And remember, we're judging them in stock, as-delivered trim, so don't tell us about how your favorite model is better than what we picked if you only swap in a this or modify a that. So here they are in no particular order-your 10 best Jeeps of all time. '72-'75 CJ-5 and CJ-6 It's the last of the real Jeeps that didn't come polluted with an automatic transmission option and miles of needless smog equipment. Some staffers don't really like the CJ-5 body lines, but these years have other good qualities. With a wheelbase stretched to 84- or 104-inches (CJ-5 or CJ-6) to accommodate the longer AMC six-cylinder, all CJ models came with the 232 as the base engine. Optional upgrades were the torquey 258 inline six or a 150hp 304 V-8. Durable T-14A or T-15 three-speed or T-18 four-speed manual truck transmissions and Dana 20 T-cases were better fare than previous years. All of them had admirable open-knuckle Dana 30 (front) and flanged (and centered) Dana 44 (rear) axles. Add to the mix larger 11-inch drum brakes with a power brake option, a much-improved steering system, and stronger frames and they're a natural for this list. '74-'79 J10 Shortbed They got heavy-duty fullsize truck drivetrain stuffed between the framerails of a midsized truck. They came with a 360 or way-bad 401 V-8, a T-18 or TH400 transmission, and Dana 44 axles (front and rear) from the factory. This is the kind of stuff people spend a lot of time and money swapping into other vehicles. They also have easily-modified suspension that works pretty good on- and off-road. Make it a short bed model and you'll be able to haul all your camping and recovery gear while still being able to turn and maneuver through some fairly tight and twisty trails. '86 CJ-7 By this point, Jeep had its CJ model all figured out. The run of AMC car-based Model 20 rear ends had dried up, so a 30-spline Dana 44 with an optional Trac-Lok diff brings up the rear of the swan song CJ-7. Sure, the V-8 option of earlier CJs was gone, but the 258 inline six was durable and somewhat-reliable. Add a wide-track, open knuckle Dana 30 front with disc brakes for some more mechanical niceties and the option of a hard top and A/C and you've got a very nice mix of vintage Jeep looks, old-world performance, and modern-age comfort and convenience. '06-'10 SRT8 WK Come on, the 420hp 6.1L Hemi V-8 makes it the most powerful Jeep ever produced. It cranks quarter mile times in the low 13s, burns a faster 0-60 than a $100,000 Porsche Cayenne Turbo, romps and stops 0-100-0 in the low 19-second range, and is a skid pad (cornering) equivalent of the $130,000 Porsche 911 Turbo. And you get all this for less than $50,000. We can't afford one, but if we could, this is the 5,000-pound SUV we would smoke most sports cars with while hauling three other people and some beach toys. It's also a good way to land in jail or dead at the bottom of a cliff-but what a trip it'll be getting there. '00-'01 XJ Chrysler originally planned on killing off the XJ for the '02 model year, but then pushed the plunger a year earlier than what dealerships were telling us. The impromptu lethal injection sent a ton of people scrambling to buy the last-ever XJ. Drivability, off-roadability, power, room, comfort, capability, you name it, the XJ has it. All the bugs were worked out of 
Because the processor chip uses semi-conductors. Which means only part of the current goes through, the rest is wasted as heat.
birthplace birthplace Also found in: Thesaurus, Medical, Legal, Acronyms, Encyclopedia .birth·place (bûrth′plās′)n. The place where someone is born or where something originates. American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fifth Edition. Copyright © 2016 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.birthplace ( ˈbɜːθˌpleɪs) nthe place where someone was born or where something originated Collins English Dictionary – Complete and Unabridged, 12th Edition 2014 © Harper Collins Publishers 1991, 1994, 1998, 2000, 2003, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2011, 2014birth•place (ˈbɜrθˌpleɪs)n.place of birth or origin. [1600–10]Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary, © 2010 K Dictionaries Ltd. Copyright 2005, 1997, 1991 by Random House, Inc. All rights reserved. Thesaurus Antonyms Related Words Synonyms Legend: Switch to new thesaurus Noun 1. birthplace - the place where someone was bornplace of birthplace, spot, topographic point - a point located with respect to surface features of some region; "this is a nice place for a picnic"; "a bright spot on a planet"2. birthplace - where something originated or was nurtured in its early existence; "thebirthplace of civilization"place of origin, provenance, provenience, cradleorigin, source, root, rootage, beginning - the place where something begins,where it springs into being; "the Italian beginning of the Renaissance"; "Jupiter was theorigin of the radiation"; "Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River"; "communism's Russian root"Based on Word Net 3.0, Farlex clipart collection. © 2003-2012 Princeton University, Farlex Inc.birthplacenoun native land, homeland, cradle, fatherland Athens, the birthplace of the ancient Olympics. Collins Thesaurus of the English Language – Complete and Unabridged 2nd Edition. 2002 © Harper Collins Publishers 1995, 2002Translations Select a language:cuna lugar de nacimientobirthplace [ˈbɜːθpleɪs] N → lugar m de nacimiento Collins Spanish Dictionary - Complete and Unabridged 8th Edition 2005 © William Collins Sons & Co. Ltd. 1971, 1988 © Harper Collins Publishers 1992, 1993, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2003, 2005birth ( bəːθ) noun1. (an) act of coming into the world, being born. the birth of her son; deaf since birth. nacimiento2. the beginning. the birth of civilization. nacimiento, comienzo, iniciobirth controlprevention of the conception of children. control de natalidadˈbirthday nounthe anniversary of the day on which a person was born. Today is his birthday; ( also adjective) a birthday party. cumpleañosˈbirthmark nouna permanent mark on the skin at or from birth. She has a red birthmark on her face. marca de nacimientoˈbirthplace nounthe place where a person etc was born. Shakespeare's birthplace. lugar de nacimientoˈbirthrate nounthe number of births per head of population over a given period. tasa de natalidadgive birth (to) (of a mother) to produce (a baby) from the womb. She has given birth to two sets of twins. dar a luz, parir; dar lugar a, ser el origen de Kernerman English Multilingual Dictionary © 2006-2013 K Dictionaries Ltd.birthplace→ lugar de nacimiento Multilingual Translator © Harper Collins Publishers 2009birthplacen. lugar de nacimiento. English-Spanish Medical Dictionary © Farlex 2012Want to thank TFD for its existence? Tell a friend about us, add a link to this page, or visit the webmaster's page for free fun content . Link to this page: Facebook Twitter 
How long does it take for ibuprophen to kick in? 1 doctor weighed in: How long does it take for ibuprophen to kick in? 1 doctor weighed in Want a second opinion? Most drugs taken orally will require digestion and absorption into the bloodstream. For ibuprofen, since it's not a particularly strong medication, it may take as long as 45 min to feel an effect. In brief: About 30-45 min.  Most drugs taken orally will require digestion and absorption into the bloodstream.
The audio circuit goes from the pre-amplifier to the amplifier to the speaker and back. Each of these components has some resistance. Current follows the path of least resistance. When you mute something, you are redirecting the current to a path of lower resistance to avoid sending it through the speaker. However, it's not a perfect shunting, so some tiny amount of current still reaches the speaker. Digital electronics are capable of turning the current off, but old TVs could not, so you would still hear sound when on mute.
[Help] Dog Grooming
Human head modeling software
Due to the Budget sequestration in 2013, the USAF was forced to ground many of its squadrons. The Commander of Air Combat Command, General Mike Hostage indicated that the USAF must reduce its F-15 and F-16 fleets and eliminate platforms like the A-10 in order to focus on a fifth-generation jet fighter future. In response to squadron groundings and flight time reductions, many Air Force pilots have opted to resign from active duty and enter the Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard while pursuing careers in the commercial airlines where they can find flight hours on more modern aircraft.
Birch Cabinets vs Maple Cabinets Birch Cabinets vs Maple Cabinets Birch and maple are two of the most durable and popular woods used in the manufacture of kitchen cabinetry. Both are widely available in a variety of finishes, door styles and cabinet configurations, and both have unique selling points. Read on to discover which of these beautiful American hardwoods is the right cabinet choice for your kitchen remodel. Birch Wood Kitchen Cabinets vs. Maple Wood Kitchen Cabinets: An Overview Birch is a plentiful hardwood that grows in forests in Canada and throughout the Northeastern United States. This abundance makes birch the most affordable solid-wood material for kitchen cabinets. Birch is a pale wood with a slightly yellowish cast. For this reason, it usually looks best in natural finishes and is more popular in traditional kitchens. Birch wood generally exhibits a straight and uniform grain. Curling and wavy grain patterns are more unusual but not unheard of. Birch kitchen cabinets are inexpensive and allow homeowners with limited budgets to enjoy the beauty and strength of hardwood cabinetry in their kitchens. Like birch wood, maple is a North American hardwood that grows abundantly along the Eastern Seaboard. Significantly more dense and stronger than birch, maple is also receptive to a wider array of stains, including the dark and glossy finishes popular in cutting-edge contemporary design. Maple kitchen cabinets can mimic the look of cherry, mahogany and other exotic woods. This strength and versatility makes maple cabinets more expensive than birch, while its abundance keeps it more affordable than other hardwoods. Maple displays several distinctive grain patterns, including knotty maple and the beautiful and rare bird’s eye maple. Pros and Cons of Birch and Maple Wood Kitchen Cabinets Kitchen cabinets are a significant investment, and new birch or maple cabinetry can be expected to last at least 10 years. You’ll want to carefully consider the strengths and weaknesses of both options when planning your kitchen remodel. Birch Kitchen Cabinets Pros: Affordability - Birch is usually the least expensive option in solid wood cabinets. Strength - Birch is a durable hardwood with a high tensile strength rating, meaning it holds nails and screws well, and is particularly useful for frequently opened and closed cabinet doors. Versatility - Birch is a naturally light-colored wood that can be finished naturally or stained to resemble maple, walnut or cherry. Cons: Texture - Birch has an uneven texture that feels rough to the touch and isn’t the best choice for smooth and shiny mirror finishes. Uneven Staining - Birch is somewhat porous and darker stains often yield blotchy and irregular results. Maple Kitchen Cabinets Pros: Variety - Maple is impermeable and accepts a wider variety of finishes with better results than birch. Painted cabinet doors often incorporate solid maple frames. Durability - Maple is a strong and sturdy wood that resists scratches, dents, dings and cracks. Especially popular in high-traffic kitchens, maple cabinetry can be expected to look beautiful and brand new for years. Availability - Maple cabinets are the favorite of homeowners and are readily available in a range of colors and styles to suit both modern and traditional décor. Cons: Cost - The strength, beauty and versatility of maple can add significantly to cabinet cost. Fading - When improperly cared for and exposed to direct sunlight, maple finishes may discolor or fade over time. Expected Costs Kitchen cabinets are typically the largest expense associated with complete kitchen remodeling. Costs depend on a range of variables, including the size of your kitchen, the number and type of cabinets you choose, any embellishments or special features you decide to incorporate, and whether you use a professional contractor or do the installation yourself. A standard 10- by 12-foot kitchen equipped with basic top-and-bottom birch ready-to-assemble (RTA)cabinets can run from as low as $2,000 to as much as $4,000. Maple kitchen cabinets are generally h
Rainbow A rainbow is a meteorological phenomenon that is caused by reflection, refraction and dispersion of light in water droplets resulting in a spectrum of light appearing in the sky.It takes the form of a multicoloured arc.Rainbows caused by sunlight always appear in the section of sky directly opposite the sun.his rainbow is caused by light being refracted when entering a droplet of water, then reflected inside on the back of the droplet and refracted again when leaving it. In a double rainbow, a second arc is seen outside the primary arc, and has the order of its colours reversed, with red on the inner side of the arc.
Pure breds are poison. Do dogs a favor and always get a mutt. Like the other poster said they are riddled with genetic diseases and problems. Plus they are ugly in my opinion. Don't create dog breeds just let dogs diversify.
What Are Nail Ridges: Are They A Sign Of A Health Problem? Welcome to Ask Healthy Living — in which you submit your most burning health questions and we do our best to ask the experts and get back to you. Have a question? Get in touch here and you could appear on Healthy Living!“Ask Healthy Living” is for informational purposes only and is not a substitute for medical advice. Please consult a qualified health care professional for personalized medical advice. Why do my fingernails have ridges lengthwise on them? We’re glad you specified the direction of your ridges — it turns out that matters. Vertical lines on one’s nails, like those the writer seems to have, are a common phenomenon that often get more pronounced with age.“There are many reasons for ridged nails but the most common is aging,” says Dr. Phoebe Rich, M. D., FAAD, clinical adjunct professor of dermatology at Oregon Health Science University. “As we age the nail matrix becomes atrophied in areas resulting in longitudinal ridging of nails. I tell people they are like wrinkles in the nails.”Jessica Krant, M. D., a fellow of the American Academy of Dermatology and assistant clinical professor of dermatology at SUNY Downstate Medical Center, agrees: “Lengthwise ridges, if they are evenly spaced over the whole nail, are common and harmless, and generally associated with normal aging and the nail’s increasing inability to retain moisture,” she says. “Sometimes it can be a sign of lack of certain vitamins or poor nutrition, but this is rare.”Vertical ridges can also be caused by nail injury and certain diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, according to Rich. If, instead of a series of ridges, there’s a single vertical streak, cautions Krant, this could be a sign of a tumor growing at the root of the nail. Another caveat: If the ridges have appeared and grown more pronounced very quickly or over a short period of time, they could be a sign of a very rare condition called lichen planus, which often also causes skin rash. While some people might not like the way they look, it’s better not to buff off the ridges, Rich says. Since the ridge is the thinnest spot on the nail, it can split and buffing only exacerbates that. Instead, Krant suggests moisturizing the nail throughout the day with a thick lotion or petroleum jelly, paying close attention to the cuticle (“The key to the health of the nail,” she says). Meanwhile, horizontal ridges are more likely to signal a problem. One condition, Beau’s lines, is characterized by indentations across the nail bed that are a sign of disrupted growth due to illness. As the Mayo Clinic explains: Conditions associated with Beau’s lines include uncontrolled diabetes and peripheral vascular disease, as well as illnesses associated with a high fever, such as scarlet fever, measles, mumps and pneumonia. Beau’s lines can also be a sign of zinc deficiency. While a single instance of a horizontal ridge could just be a sign of a time the body was fighting off illness, recurrent horizontal ridges might point to a chronic disease.“If nail defects keep occurring as the nail forms, it’s a sign of an ongoing problem with creating the nail which can be a sign of bigger problems like GI, kidney, lung, or liver disease,” says Krant. “These can also cause discoloration of nails and make nails look whiter, yellower, or bluer than normal due to discoloration of the underlying nail bed.”Unsure of what your nail ridges mean? Ask your dermatologist — and always have them check your nails during your annual skin check up. Have a question? Ask Healthy Living! 
Upstream vs downstream Upstream vs downstream. Upstream direction is the end of the waterway from where the flow of water originates. Where the flow ends, at the opposite end of the waterway. For exemple, from Kingston to Toronto you are heading upstream, the water emptying from a river back into the ocean. Kingston to Cornwall is downstream.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
S. Shankar Shankar Shanmugam (born 17 August 1963), credited mononymously as Shankar, is an Indian film director and producer who predominantly works in Tamil cinema. He was identified by S. A. Chandrasekhar. Recognized for directing high budget films, he is also a pioneer of vigilante movies in Tamil. He made his directorial debut in "Gentleman" (1993) produced by K. T. Kunjumon, for which he was awarded the Filmfare Best Director Award and the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Director. He is the highest paid film-maker in India among his contemporaries.
How to use YQL in JavaScript to retrieve web results
What is the estimate for card delivery?
You exhale it in the form of carbon dioxide, and piss it out in the form of water. But mostly you exhale it.
can lightning strike an aluminum ladder kgb answers » Science & Technology » Math, Chemistry, Physics » can lightning strike an aluminum ladder. Yes, it can. Aluminum ladders are dangerous to climb during a lightning storm or when working around power lines due to their electrical conductivity. Tags: electrical resistivity and conductivity, thunderstorm.
- Root nodules contain nitrogen fixing bacteria which help a plant to obtain nitrogen compounds, which are needed for the production of protein (and although plants do not conta…in as much protein as animals do, they still need a certain amount of it). Making the world better, one answer at a time.
What are the best books about learning how to manipulate people?
- Des Plaines /dᵻsˈpleɪnz/ is a city in Cook County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 58,364. It is a suburb of Chicago and is next to O'Hare International Airport. The Des Plaines River runs through the city, just east of its downtown area. Des Plaines is the home of the first franchised McDonald's opened by Ray Kroc in 1955, which is preserved as a museum on Lee Street, north of downtown.
Big Brother 20 (U.S.) they can nullify one vote at the live eviction. The first four jury members had the opportunity to battle each other for a chance to return to the game. The competition between Bayleigh, Rockstar, Scottie, and Faysal aired on August 30, 2018 in episode 29 following the live eviction. Scottie was the winner and returned to the game. The HouseGuests were announced on Monday, June 18 at 7 AM PDT through the CBS website. All evicted HouseGuests appear on the Facebook Watch exclusive "Off the Block with Ross and Marissa" for an extended interview following their evictions. Tyler Crispen appeared
Powell and Pressburger The British film-making partnership of Michael Powell (1905–1990) and Emeric Pressburger (1902–1988)—together often known as The Archers, the name of their production company—made a series of influential films in the 1940s and 1950s. —24 films between 1939 and 1972—were mainly derived from original stories by Pressburger with the script written by both Pressburger & Powell. Powell did most of the directing while Pressburger did most of the work of the producer and also assisted with the editing, especially the way the music was used. Unusually, the pair shared a writer-director-producer credit for most of their films. The best known of these are "The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp" (1943), "A Canterbury Tale" (1944), "A Matter of Life and Death" (1946), "Black Narcissus" (1947), "The Red Shoes" (1948), and "The Tales of Hoffmann" (1951).
- Obesity, unspecified. 1  E66.9 is a billable ICD-10-CM code that can be used to indicate a diagnosis for reimbursement purposes. 2  Reimbursement claims with a date of service on or after October 1, 2015 require the use of ICD-10-CM codes. 3  This is the American ICD-10-CM version of E66.9.
Why do the symbols on Jaffa foreheads differ?
4 in. x 10 ft. Prefabricated French Drain with Pipe Model # EZ-0802FInternet # 202259347Store SKU # 227495+2share Share save to list Save to List print Print NDS4 in. x 10 ft. Prefabricated French Drain with Pipe ( 21) Write a Review Questions & Answers ( 56)Easy to install pre-fabricated french drain system. Provides 30% higher flow rates than a traditional french drain. A gravel free alternative to a traditional french drain. Quantity - +store icon Pick Up In Store Unavailable at South Loop Check Nearby Storespackage icon We'll Deliver It to You Unavailable Delivery is unavailable for this product Your local store: South Loop Store Details & Services More In This Collection From NDS (1)YOUR CURRENT PRODUCTNDS 4 in. x 10 ft. Prefabricated French... (21)• In Store Only$36.97 / each NDS 4 in. x 5 ft. HDPE EZ French Drain Pipe (6)Select This Item0 Item (s) Selected Add Items To Cart Accessories (2)YOUR CURRENT PRODUCTNDS 4 in. x 10 ft. Prefabricated French... (21)• In Store Only$2.48 / each Advanced Drainage Systems 4 in. Solid Snap... (5)Select This Item$2.57 / each NDS 2 in. x 3 in. x 4 in. Styrene Offset... (3)Select This Item0 Item (s) Selected Add Items To Cart Product Overview EZ-Drain is an all-in-one, easy to install substitute for a traditional French Drain. One 10 ft. EZ-Drain stick consists of a corrugated slotted pipe surrounded by a polystyrene aggregate, all wrapped in a durable filter fabric. It's lighter, simpler, and faster to install. Wrapped and recommended for underground applications Easy to install: 1) dig trench, 2) connect and lay in trench, 3) cover with dirt1 person can install EZ-Drain Installs in minutes vs. hours Over 100 year lifespan Polystyrene aggregate is made of 100% recycled content No loose gravel to haul Compare Similar Pipe Price$36.97 /each $59.97 /each $49.97 /each Name 4 in. x 5 ft. HDPE EZ French Drain Pipe High Pressure 3/8 in. x 6 ft. Stainless Steel Tube with Nozzles High Pressure 3/8 in. x 6 ft. Stainless Steel Tube Brand NDS Arctic Cove Arctic Cove Ratings (6) (0) (0)Pipe Size 4" 3/8" 3/8"Product Length (ft.) 5 6 6Material HDPE (High Density Polethylene) Steel Steel Actual outside diameter (in.) 8 .475 .475Actual inside diameter (in.) 4 .375 .375View Product View Product View Product Specifications Dimensions Actual inside diameter (in. )4Actual outside diameter (in. )8Pipe Size8"Product Depth (in. )120Product Height (in. )8Product Length (ft.)10 ft Product Width (in. )8Details Application Storm/Flood Water Management Features Corrosion Resistant Material Plastic Maximum Working Temperature (F)140Maximum working pressure (psi)5Minimum working temperature (F)-30Pipe & Tubing Product Type Drainage Pipe or Fitting Product Type Pipe & Tubing Product Weight (lb. )5lb Warranty / Certifications Certifications and Listings No Certifications or Listings Manufacturer Warranty Limited Questions & Answers56 Questions 142 Answers Ask a New Question Search Sort By:6 answers Trying to find out if this is a solid corrugated pipe all the way through or is it perforated? Asked by Reddog February 23, 20184 answersis this suitable for septic system field lines? Asked by weekendwarrior911 April 2, 20184 answers Would it help to put some gravel over and underneath the pipe I live in south Florida Asked by Dolphin March 27, 20184 answers WHAT IS THE RETENTION CAPACITY OF THE 8" DIAMETER @ 10 FT LENGHTAsked by TONY January 3, 20181 2 3 4Customer Reviews3.8out of 521 reviews5 (10)4 (5)3 (1)2 (1)1 (4)Ease of installation 4.4Quality 3.5Value 3.2Write a Review Customer Images Page 1 of 167% of customers recommend this product12 of 18 reviews Filter Reviews by: Rating, Profile, Gender, Age, Verified Purchase ( 21)Search Sort By: Marty Rhode Island45 to 54, Male DIYOne of the simplest installations ever August 18, 20155.0out of 5Recommended Product I did a lot of research on how to install a French Drain and ordered all the parts that I needed online. When I went to pick up my order at the store I realized I need another part. My original design was to use a Corrugated HDPE Drain Pipe and fill the trench 
MS2AI: Automated repurposing of public peptide LC-MS data for machine learning applications
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
- Road Distance Chart to Haridwar. Following is the driving distance chart to Haridwar from various cities and towns in Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and from Delhi NCR Region.1  Delhi to Haridwar - 210kms. 2  Rishikesh to Haridwar - 25kms. 3  Devprayag to Haridwar - 99kms. 4  Tehri Garhwal to Haridwar - 98kms. 5  Pauri to Haridwar - 142kms.oad Distance Chart to Haridwar. Following is the driving distance chart to Haridwar from various cities and towns in Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and from Delhi NCR Region.
The weather on it would be short-lived as the atmosphere fairly quickly floated away into space.
bug with varargs and overloading?
. World's Healthiest Foods rich in vitamin DFood Cals DRI/DVSalmon 158 128%Sardines 189 44%Tuna 147 23%Cow's milk 74 16%Eggs 78 11%Mushrooms, Shiitake 41 5%For serving size for specific foods see the Nutrient Rating Chart . Basic Description Role in Health Support Summary of Food Sources Nutrient Rating Chart Impact of Cooking, Storage and Processing Risk of Dietary Deficiency Other Circumstances that Might Contribute to Deficiency Relationship with Other Nutrients Risk of Dietary Toxicity Disease Checklist Public Health Recommendations References Basic Description Vitamin D is one of the most intensely studied yet widely debated nutrients in health research over the past decades. The research debate over vitamin D has focused partly on its roles in the body, and more recently on its optimal levels in the body and on the relationship of those levels to dietary intake. Since vitamin D was first recommended as an essential nutrient for the U. S. public in 1943, recommendation levels for this nutrient have varied. Originally, recommended intake for vitamin D by the National Academy of Sciences was approximately 200 IU (5 micrograms of cholecalciferol). Over the years, this level had gradually been increased to 400 IU (10 micrograms of cholecalciferol) as the current Daily Value (DV) set forth by the U. S. Food and Drug Adminstration (FDA), and to current recommendation levels of 400-800 IU (10-20 micrograms of cholecalciferol) by the National Academy of Sciences. (At WHFoods, we use the DV of 400 IU as our recommended daily intake level.) However, this recommended daily intake level remains controversial for three basic reasons. First is the long-known fact that human skin cells can make vitamin D from sunlight. When certain wavelengths of ultraviolet B (UVB) light from the sun land on our skin cells, a molecule in our skin cells called 7-dehydrocholesterol can be converted into a preliminary form of vitamin D called cholecalciferol. However, the exact amount of cholecalciferol that gets made is difficult to predict! The number of pigments in our skin cells, the strength of the UVB light, the overall health of our skin, and other factors impact this set of events. (One of these other factors, for example, involves use of sunscreen and general skin products containing UVB-blocking agents.) In other words, even though we know that our skin cells can make this preliminary form of vitamin D from sunlight, it is not easy for us to predict how much will get made. Second is our knowledge that cholecalciferol from our skin cells is not the same as fully active vitamin D. Fully active vitamin D requires two additional steps. First is transfer of cholecalciferol in the bloodstream from our skins cells to our liver cells. This transfer is required in order for our liver cells to produce 25-hydroxycholecalciferol or 25 (OH)D. Second is the transfer of 25 (OH)D in the bloodstream from our liver cells to our kidney cells. This second transfer allows our kidney cells to take 25 (OH)D and convert it into 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol, or 1,25 (OH)D. It's this more complicated form of vitamin D that is active as a regulator of certain immune system activities. In short: the role of our liver cells and kidney cells in creating fully active vitamin D adds further complications when researchers try to predict vitamin D status. Finally, recommended daily intake of vitamin D is controversial because scientists aren't certain about the relationship between blood levels of this vitamin and disease risk. Early studies on vitamin D and disease often focused on prevention of rickets (a disease involving bone formation related to deficiency of vitamin D and bone-related minerals). Recent studies on vitamin D and disease have focused on many health problems not specific to bone, including problems involving our immune, cardiovascular, and blood sugar regulating systems. As vitamin D research has expanded in scope, researchers have been less certain about optimal amounts of vitamin D necessary to prevent unwanted problems in these many body systems. Of 
This review was considered to be very poor, resulting in the lowest rating of one star.
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
- Start from Swap start/end points. 1  Edit 3501 N Delaware Ave. Philadelphia, PA 19134 Port Richmond. 2  Get Directions. 3  Phone number (215) 634-3219.
Considering Europeans have been encountering Africans since before the rise of Rome, the Africans were always considered human. Weirdly enough, racism based on skin colour is a very recent thing (mostly cooked up by white people during the Age of Colonization to justify African slavery). Back in Ancient Rome and Greece, people were prejudiced based on what country or tribe you were from (the word "barbarian" literally meant "he who does not speak Greek"), not what colour your skin is. Also, when the Spanish met the Native Americans, they immediately sent over missionaries, which meant they at least considered them to have souls just like any other human. In 1537, the Pope issued the decree "Sublimus Dei", which declared that Native Americans had souls and are rational beings. The document also condemned slavery, but we all know how well that went down. Despite all this, racism was just too useful a tool to justify slavery and allow Europeans to pillage non-white people's lands with a minimum of guilt.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
What Are The Standard Toilet Cubicle Sizes? Enlarged cubicles must be a minimum width of 1210mm wide and to include an outward opening door. A horizontal and vertical grab rail is required surrounding the pan. Standard Dimensions: 1200mm Wide x 1500mm Deep (1200mm minimum width wall to wall) Door Type: Outward Opening.
Attribution Theory Applications in Organizations: Definition & Examples Attribution theory is important for organizations because it can help managers understand some of the causes of employee behavior and can assist employees in understanding their thinking about their own behaviors.nstructor: Shawn Grimsley. Attribution theory is a psychological theory that attempts to explain behavior and can be quite useful in the management of organizations. In this lesson, you will learn what attribution theory is, some of its key concepts and will be provided some examples.
Oolong Tea and Caffeine Oolong Tea and Caffeine Does oolong tea have caffeine content? Yes, oolong tea has caffeine content. In fact, caffeine occurs naturally in a large number of plants, such as coffee, tea, kola nuts, etc. Therefore, caffeine is an important constituent of many drinks. How much caffeine does the oolong tea contain? Generally speaking, the caffeine content of the oolong tea depends on two main variables, namely the type of the tea leaves and the tea preparation method. Actually, oolong tea has less caffeine than coffee and black tea. A cup of oolong tea only has about 1/3 of caffeine of a cup of coffee. According to a research conducted by HICKS M. B, the caffeine decreases whenever the tea leaves go through the process of brewing. The first brewing has about 3 times more caffeine than the second brewing and the second has about 3 times more than the third. Oolong tea caffeine benefits The low doses of caffeine in oolong tea can provide a wide range of benefits. It increases alertness, stimulates metabolism and helps to improve our mood. Therefore, oolong tea is considered to be a good source of caffeine. Click here to know more benefits of oolong tea. How to reduce you caffeine intake? Like to drink oolong tea but want to reduce your caffeine intake? Here we provide you some solutions: a. Using a little less tea leaves b. Do not drink the first brewing c. Reduce the brewing time for your serving However, there are lots of benefits of oolong tea, including the weight loss benefits, skin benefits, etc. Related: Where to Buy Oolong Tea How to Choose Best Oolong Tea 
- Written by October 2nd, 2014November 8th, 2014. Fort Gordon, found in Augusta, Georgia, is the host city of the Masters Golf Tournament. Nicknamed ‘the Garden City’ for its numerous private gardens, Augusta has an eclectic array of activities and attractions.
Minimum wage in the United States Minimum wage in the United States The minimum wage in the United States is set by US labor law and a range of state and local laws. Employers generally have to pay workers the highest minimum wage prescribed by federal, state, and local law. Since July 24, 2009, the federal government has mandated a nationwide minimum wage of $7.25 per hour. As of January 2018, there were 29 states with a minimum wage higher than the federal minimum. From 2017 to 2018, eight states increased their minimum wage levels through automatic adjustments, while increases in eleven other states occurred through
- Gambling on the out­ comes of these games was common. The Chumash Today Today there has been a considerable resurgence of Chumash culture, tradition, and political power. The Chumash are very active in local politics and are consulted in the process of development in the Santa Barbara area.
In the '90's, Richard Sparks and others did breakthrough work on use of floodplains by fish; very cool stuff. Not sure how this would work with hurricanes, but probably in a similar way, unless all the "floodplain" is concrete :-( _URL_0_
Welcome to Lake Worth, Lake Worth – Where the Tropics Begin. Lake Worth is a coastal city of 37,000 residents and 7 square miles, located in Palm Beach County, Florida. The Atlantic Ocean and the broad waters of the Lake Worth Lagoon form the city's east boundary and the beautiful fresh waters of Lake Osborne its west.
Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park is a National Park Service unit in the states of Rhode Island and Massachusetts. The park was created for the purpose of preserving, protecting, and interpreting the industrial heritage of the Blackstone River Valley and the urban, rural, and agricultural landscape of that region. The Blackstone River Valley was the site of some of the earliest successful textile mills in the United States, and these mills contributed significantly to the earliest American Industrial Revolution. The subsequent construction of the Blackstone Canal, a few years after the successful completion of the Erie Canal, helped to sustain the region's industrial strength.
Your premise is faulty. Many species enjoy sex for its own sake, and demonstrate this enjoyment by masturbating, performing homosexual acts, etc.  That includes chimpanzees and other primates, but also dolphins and a variety of other animals. In fact, humans are the *only* species capable of having sex for the purpose of reproduction; other animals do it purely because it feels good (or is instinctual, but for higher animals capable of experiencing pleasure, that's usually the same thing) and don't understand the connection to reproduction.
If the windshield were perfectly transparent, the you'd only see light from the oncoming car at the points directly between your eyeball and the headlight. When the windshield is dirty, the light gets spread all through the windshield before it gets reflected off the dirt and hits your eyes. Now it's like the whole.windshield is glowing with a bunch of tiny light sources. And now these little light sources are in your vision between your eye and the car ahead of you, between your eye and the trees on the side of the road. The light coming *from* your windshield is drowning out the light coming *through* your windshield.
- Cryptococcus neoformans is a yeast-like fungus enclosed by a capsule. It was first identified in nature from samples of peach juice, but has proven to be found more abundantly in soil contaminated with pigeon droppings, eucalyptus trees, decaying wood from living trees, and in goats with pulmonary disease.
Fair Debt Collection Practices Act The statute's stated purposes are: to eliminate abusive practices in the collection of consumer debts, to promote fair debt collection, and to provide consumers with an avenue for disputing and obtaining validation of debt information in order to ensure the information's accuracy.
Guitar/Tone and Volume The tone control reduces the amount of treble, affecting the pre-distortion EQ and thus the distortion voicing. For increased control of the pre-distortion EQ, place an equalizer pedal in-between the guitar and the first distortion stage such as a distortion pedal or the guitar amp's built-in preamp.
How Much U.S. Debt Does China Really Own? Humanities ›Issues How Much U. S. Debt Does China Really Own? Share Flipboard Email Printby Tom Murse Updated March 18, 201701of 01How Much U. S. Debt Does China Really Own? Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with US President Barack Obama. Wang Zhou - Pool/Getty Images The U. S. debt was more than $14.3 trillion during the so-called debt crisis of 2011 when the level of borrowing reached its statutory limit and the president warned of a potential default if the cap wasn't raised. [ 5 Presidents Who Raised the Debt Ceiling ]So who owns all that U. S. debt? About 32 cents of every dollar of the U. S. debt, or $4.6 trillion, is owned by the federal government in trust funds, for Social Security and other programs such as retirement accounts, according to the U. S. Department of Treasury. China and U. S. Debt The largest portion of U. S. debt, 68 cents for every dollar or about $10 trillion, is owned by individual investors, corporations, state and local governments and, yes, even foreign governments such as China that hold Treasury bills, notes, and bonds. Foreign governments hold about 46% of all U. S. debt held by the public, more than $4.5 trillion. According to the Treasury, the largest foreign holder of U. S. debt is China, which owns more than $1.24 trillion in bills, notes, and bonds or about 30% of the over $4 trillion in Treasury bills, notes, and bonds held by foreign countries. In total, China owns about 10% of publicly held U. S. debt. Of all the holders of U. S. debt China is the third-largest, behind only the Social Security Trust Fund's holdings of nearly $3 trillion and the Federal Reserve 's nearly $2 trillion holdings in Treasury investments, purchased as part of its quantitative easing program to boost the economy. The current $1.24 trillion in U. S. debt is actually slightly less than the record $1.317 trillion held by China in 2013. Economists suggest the decrease was due to China’s decision to reduce its U. S. holdings in order to increase the value of its own currency. Why Foreign Countries Buy U. S. Debt The fact that the U. S. government has never defaulted on its debt leads investors – including foreign governments – to consider U. S. Treasury bills, notes, and bonds to be one of the safest investments in the world. China is especially attracted to U. S. bills, notes, and bonds due to our annual $350 billion trade deficit we have with them. U. S. trade partner nations like China are anxious to lend the U. S. money so that we will continue to buy the goods and services they export. Indeed, foreign investment in the U. S. debt is one factor that helped us survive the recession. Criticism of China Owning U. S. Debt To put its ownership of U. S. debt in perspective, China's holding of $1.24 trillion is even larger than the amount owned by American households. U. S. citizens hold only about $959 billion in U. S. debt, according to the Federal Reserve. Other large foreign holders of U. S. debt include Japan, which owns $912 billion; the United Kingdom, which owns $347 billion; Brazil, which holds $211 billion; Taiwan, which holds $153 billion; and Hong Kong, which owns $122 billion. [ Debt Ceiling History ]Some Republicans have expressed concern over the amount of U. S. debt owned by China. Republican U. S. Rep. Michele Bachmann, a 2012 presidential hopeful, joked that when it came to the debt "Hu's your daddy," a reference to Chinese President Hu Jintao. Despite such joking, the truth is the bulk of the $14.3 trillion U. S. debt - $9.8 trillion in all - is owned by the American people and its government. That's the good news. The bad news? That's still a lot of IOUs.cite 
Uterine atony Uterine atony From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Uterine atony Classification and external resources Diseases DB 13616Me SH D014593 [ edit on Wikidata]Uterine atony is a loss of tone in the uterine musculature. Normally, contraction of the uterine muscles during labor compresses the blood vessels and reduces flow, thereby increasing the likelihood of coagulation and preventing hemorrhage. A lack of uterine muscle contraction, however, can lead to an acute hemorrhage, as the uterine blood vessels are not sufficiently compressed. Clinically, 75-80% of postpartum hemorrhages are due to uterine atony. Contents [ hide ]1 Risk factors2 Treatment3 Notes4 References Risk factors [ edit]Many factors can contribute to the loss of uterine muscle tone, including: [1]overdistention of the uterusmultiple gestationspolyhydramniosfetal macrosomiaprolonged laboroxytocin augmentation of laborgrand multiparity (having given birth 5 or more times)precipitous labor (labor lasting less than 3 hours)magnesium sulfate treatment of preeclampsiachorioamnionitishalogenated anestheticsuterine leiomyomatafull bladderretained colyledon, placental fragmentsplacenta previaplacental abruptionconstriction ringincomplete separation of the placenta Treatment [ edit]The first step in management of uterine atony is uterine massage. The next step is pharmacological therapies, the first of which is oxytocin, used because it initiates rhythmic contractions of the uterus, compressing the spiral arteries which should reduce bleeding. The next step in the pharmacological management is the use of methylergometrine, which is an ergot derivative, much like that use in the abortive treatment of migraines. Its side effect of hypertension means its use should not be used in those with hypertension or pre-eclampsia. In those with hypertension, the use of prostaglandin F 2α is indicated (but beware of its use in patients with asthma). Another option Carbetocin and Carboprost where Oxytocin and ergometrin is inappropriate. Notes [ edit]^ Breathnach F, Geary M. Uterine atony: definition, prevention, nonsurgical management, and uterine tamponade. Semin Perinatol 2009;33 (2):82-7. PMID 19324236. References [ edit]Hacker, Neville, J. G. Moore, and Joseph Gambone. Essentials of Obstetrics and Gynecology. 4th ed. Vol. 1. Philadelphia: Elsevier Inc., 2004. 151. [ hide]v t e Pathology of pregnancy, childbirth and the puerperium ( O, 630–679)Pregnancy Pregnancy with abortive outcome Ectopic pregnancy Abdominal pregnancy Cervical pregnancy Interstitial pregnancy Ovarian pregnancy Molar pregnancy Miscarriage Stillbirth Oedema, proteinuria and hypertensive disorders Gestational hypertension Pre-eclampsia HELLP syndrome Eclampsia Other, predominantly related to pregnancy Digestive system Acute fatty liver of pregnancy Gestational diabetes Hepatitis E Hyperemesis gravidarum Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy Integumentary system / dermatoses of pregnancy Gestational pemphigoid Impetigo herpetiformis Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy Linea nigra Prurigo gestationis Pruritic folliculitis of pregnancy Pruritic urticarial papules and plaques of pregnancy (PUPPP)Striae gravidarum Nervous system Chorea gravidarum Blood Gestational thrombocytopenia Pregnancy-induced hypercoagulability Maternal care related to the fetus and amniotic cavityamniotic fluid Oligohydramnios Polyhydramnios Braxton Hicks contractions chorion / amnion Amniotic band syndrome Chorioamnionitis Chorionic hematoma Monoamniotic twins Premature rupture of membranes Obstetrical bleeding Antepartumplacenta Circumvallate placenta Monochorionic twins Placenta praevia Placental abruption Twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome Labor Amniotic fluid embolism Cephalopelvic disproportion Dystocia Shoulder dystocia Fetal distress Locked twins Obstetrical bleeding Postpartum Pain management during childbirth placenta Placenta accreta Preterm birth Postmature birth Umbilical cord prolapse Uterine rupture Vasa praevia Puerperal Breastfeeding difficulties Low milk supply Cracked nipples Breast engorgement
Crud (game) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search [ hide]This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. ( Learn how and when to remove these template messages)This article relies too much on references to primary sources. (March 2009)This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. (October 2014)CRUD (also known as "Slosh") is a fast-paced game loosely based on billiards or pool, and originated in the Royal Canadian Air Force. It is played in units of the Canadian Armed Forces, the Canadian Coast Guard, the United States Air Force, the United States Navy, the United States Marine Corps, and the Royal Australian Air Force. [1]The game of slosh has been played in Australian Army Officer's Messes since the Vietnam era (the author of this addition played this game from 1983, generally after Dining-In Nights. The game is played on a pool or snooker table (usually the latter, when available) using the cue ball (the shooter ball ), and one object ball (most commonly a striped ball since it is easiest to determine if it is in motion). Only the corner pockets are used on non-snooker or smaller tables. On these, the side pockets (if there are any) are blocked off, traditionally by rolls of toilet paper. Pool cues are not used; the shooter ball is launched across the table surface with the hand. A game of crud involves moving around the table and other players, trying to grab the shooter ball and either strike the object ball before it stops moving or sink it. This boisterous game is usually only played in a military mess as the management of most public establishments would not normally condone contact sports and tolerate the apparent abuse of their equipment. Contents [ hide ]1 Rules1.1 The lag1.2 The Serve1.3 Play1.4 Between play1.5 Losing players1.6 Single-man rules1.7 Other rules1.8 Winning2 Variations3 Shuck3.1 H-O-R-S-E4 Combat crud5 References6 External links Rules [ edit]CRUD is a competitive, team sport. Each member of the two teams has three lives. The exception to this rule in some establishments is for "virgins", those who have never played the game before, who are given an additional life. A team's order of play is established at the beginning of a game and recorded on the scoreboard. A team must play in order, like baseball's batting order. Anyone caught playing out of turn loses a life. Before play can begin, the Judge does a roll call to verify the presence of all players. Anyone not present at the time of a roll call has his/her name erased and may not play in the game. Once all persons have been verified, a lag is performed. In the event of an uneven number of players wishing to be involved with a crud match, a ghost may be assigned to a team missing the required number of players. In the event of a ghost player, the second or third lives of the Ghost's" team players are assigned to the "Ghost" until 3 lives attrit the "Ghost". Once the ghost is gone, play resumes as normal. There will be at least one Judge, usually known as the Crudmaster or Crudmeister, who is usually positioned centered on one of the long sides ( optional and must be holding a beverage in a cup). This beverage measures the Judge’s physical safety: if he/she is bumped/jostled in such a way as to spill the beverage, the offending player loses a life and must replace the beverage. Particularly hostile games or games where the referee's neutrality is questionable may also employ a Ass't Judge to assist the Judge and situated at opposite the Judge. (Optional-both are required to have beverages.) In addition, a scorekeeper is sometimes used to keep track of lives lost. The Judges rulings are final Arguing with the referee is authorized; however, intelligence and sportsmanship may become suspect if it continues unabated. Continual quibbling may be penalized by the loss of a life. Above all else, crud is a gentleman's game. The lag [ edit]The game opening event used to determine which team has choice. From the Shooter End, Team Captains simultaneo
Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory or Fairy Fencer F? I've never played either. I've usually just stuck to Final Fantasy games but looking to explore other JRPGS
Where does filtration occur in the kidneys? What is the process? Filtration occurs at the glomerulus, essential a highly coiled loop of tubular cells. Each kidney has millions of these cells. Arterial blood is pumped into the glomerulus. Water and ions are filtered via an osmotic gradient as well as other waste products.
Filter Flow Gutter Filter Product Catalog -> Gutter Screens & Gutter Covers -> Filter Flow Gutter Filters Filter Flow Gutter Filter Image 1 Image 2 Image 3 Image 4Click for a Larger View K Style Filter Flow Gutter Filter - Gutter Cover - Gutter Screens Filter Flow is a polyether foam filter insert guaranteed to prevent leaves, pine needles and large debris from entering and clogging a gutter or downspout. Protect your home from clogged gutters! Leaves and debris slide off the surface or just dry up and blow away. Click Here For The "5 Year Warranty"More info on Filter Flow Gutter Filter... Products In This Category: Product Code Description Material Retail Price Qty. SCFF5HR 5 Half Round Filter Flow 4 ft. Polyether Filter1 to 49 = $14.26/EACHSCFF5K 5 K Style Filter Flow 4 ft. Polyether Filter1 to 29 = $13.11/EACHSCFF6HR 6 Half Round Filter Flow 4 ft. Polyether Filter1 to 35 = $17.11/EACHSCFF6K 6 K Style Filter Flow 4 ft. Polyether Filter1 to 21 = $15.74/EACHAdditional Information 
- on the nose. Used other than with a figurative or idiomatic meaning: see on,‎ nose. Exact; precise; appropriate. His estimate that they would consume 23 boxes was on the nose. 1979, Toby Thompson, The ′60s Report, page 239,
2003 SEC Championship Game The 2003 SEC Championship Game was won by the LSU Tigers 34–13 over the Georgia Bulldogs. The game was played in the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.
It may also be an attempt to focus on walking a little better. Your brain can only focus on so many tasks at once. If you're really paying attention to someone listening, it would be harder for you to passively pay attention to walking. I imagine people are just looking at their feet and where they're walking so they don't trip up.
Because it's not individual atoms (the Na part or the Cl part) that are necessarily toxic, it's the way they fit with other atoms or change other molecules in your body which can be harmful. Atoms fit together like Lego pieces, except imagine that instead of one style of clipping together, there are hundreds of different ways they could fit together. Now imagine your body needs long red pieces to survive. Along comes a yellow square piece that binds onto the long red pieces and stops them doing what they need to. Oh no! You get sick. However, if that yellow piece is attached to this green round piece, it stops the yellow from fitting onto the red piece. Therefore we still have the yellow pieces in our body, but they are left "inert" as we say, and so don't interact with our bodies in the harmful way that we associate them with.
- Adapted from the work of Miguel de Cervantes, this is the story of a hidalgo, fanatic for chivalry novels, who loses his sanity and believing to be a knight named Don Quixote de La Mancha, ... Senor Quexana has read so many books on chivalry that he believes that he is the knight Don Quixote de la Mancha.
Seinfeld Seinfeld is an American sitcom that originally ran for nine seasons on NBC , from 1989 to 1998 . It was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld , the latter starring as a fictionalized version of himself . Set predominantly in an apartment building in Manhattan 's Upper West Side in New York City , the show features a handful of Jerry 's friends and acquaintances , particularly best friend George Costanza ( Jason Alexander ) , former girlfriend Elaine Benes ( Julia Louis-Dreyfus ) , and neighbor across the hall Cosmo Kramer ( Michael Richards ) . It is often described as being `` a show about nothing '' , as many of its episodes are about the minutiae of daily life .   Seinfeld was produced by Castle Rock Entertainment . In syndication , the series has been distributed by Sony Pictures Television since 2002 . It was largely written by David and Seinfeld with script writers who included Larry Charles , Peter Mehlman , Gregg Kavet , Carol Leifer , David Mandel , Jeff Schaffer , Steve Koren , Jennifer Crittenden , Tom Gammill , Max Pross , Dan O'Keefe , Charlie Rubin , Marjorie Gross , Alec Berg , Elaine Pope , and Spike Feresten . A favorite among critics , the series led the Nielsen ratings in seasons six and nine , and finished among the top two ( with NBC 's ER ) every year from 1994 to 1998 .   Seinfeld is widely considered to be one of the greatest and most influential sitcoms ever made . It has been ranked among the best television shows of all time in publications such as Entertainment Weekly , Rolling Stone , and TV Guide . The show 's most renowned episodes include `` The Chinese Restaurant '' , `` The Parking Garage '' , and `` The Contest '' . In 2013 , the Writers Guild of America voted it the No. 2 Best Written TV Series of All Time ( second to The Sopranos ) . E! named the series the `` number 1 reason the '90s ruled '' , and quotes from numerous episodes have become catchphrases in popular culture .
Creative solutions to convince research dean that I deserve PhD candidature I need your help please to suggest solutions to a problem I am facing during my PhD. My story is detailed below with the important events that are related to the story:

I just finished my first year PhD at the university. It has been a difficult year for me because I had a supervisor who left and another supervisor who left again. My wife had home sickness and financially I had my scholarship fund cut by 30%. 

Now, I came across another obstacle in my PhD. During our first year, we have to attend a generic research course and complete tasks to confirm our candidature. Although I attended all lectures and completed all tasks, the course lecturer who turned out to be also the associate dean of research at the university decided that I have not done them. Her proof is that there is an electronic feedback that I have never completed after each lecture which she used to confirm our attendance. She mentioned this rule at the start of her first lecture. Because I didn’t know about this rule and because also sometimes my phone was without battery, I was not able to complete many of these feedback. I may have completed two or three out of eight.

Later, I went to the make-up class and tried to talk to her to convince her that I have done them all but because of all the stress I had from my other PhD issues, I may have become angry in defending myself which I regret now. At the end, she decided that it is OK to leave and I can send her an email stating my story which I did. Later, she sent me an email telling that not only that I still have to retake all classes but also I have to re- do all tasks. I thought it was not fair because I have proof at least that I have done the tasks. So, I did not fulfil her request because at that time 1) I was partly not thinking straight , 2) I was also still hoping to convince her that I have completed the tasks , 3) I was thinking of switching universities and thought I do not need to do them

Later and after I got admissions from a couple of other universities, I found that my wife is pregnant and the doctor told us it is difficult for her to move to another city. So we took the decision to stay at my current university. So, I went back to the lecturer and sent her an email to inform me about any remaining requirements but she still insists that I have not completed them. In fact, she talked to my supervisor after my email and suggested to terminate my PhD. She told him that one day I came to class, ticked my name and left straight away. This happened when I tried to convince her once at the beginning of a class but I was not able to so I left the class in anger. 

Now, I have to stay at the university and she said I will not accept you just retaking the class. She told my supervisor that  I have to come up with creative solutions to convince her that I deserve the PhD candidature. So, I need your help please to suggest some solutions to her so she can be convinced. She is meeting me in two days to listen to my proposal.

P.S. , I really enjoyed her classes and learned a lot from them. I thought they are really helpful. In fact, she taught us how to file a patent and because of her I got inspired and filed one. She also taught us how to write a proper paper and now I am writing my 5th journal paper. I also learned how to do a better presentation at her class which got me to present at conferences where I won two awards. However. she is still not acknowledging my attendance at the lectures. 

I talked to other colleagues who attended the lecture with me and they all were happy to testify that I attended the lectures. Also, one time she brought three lecturers from the university in class to ask them about any problems we have with our PhD. So I told them my supervisor’s change story. I am thinking to talk to them to see if they would remember my question. I also have an email to one presenter after he finished his lecture to commend on him on his presentation which I can show her to prove my attendance. 

I am sorry fo
>Please help an Amiga user find comfort in Windows
What is the timing for transfers?
When iOS didn't support Flash, Steve Jobs was adamant it was because Flash was not suitable for portable devices where battery life was crucial. No one believed him - we all thought it was because of the turbulent history between Apple and Adobe. As portable devices became more numerous and people began to understand them better, though, it appeared that Steve Jobs was right. Microsoft decided not to support Flash on their mobile platforms. It was removed from Android too. Everyone gradually came around to agreeing that HTML5 was the way to go. Of course, no one will ever know whether there was actually any malice towards Adobe in Apple's original decision not to support Flash. But if there was, they covered it up with a technical argument which turned out to be correct anyway!
LASEK Laser Eye Surgery: An Alternative to LASIK LASEK (or laser-assisted subepithelial keratomileusis) is a laser vision correction procedure that is similar to both LASIK and PRK. Like LASIK, LASEK can also be used to treat farsightedness, nearsightedness or astigmatism. It is also a type of laser presbyopia surgery when it is used for the treatment of age-related nearsightedness.
Top 20 Amazing Places to Bungee Jump 9) Ponte Colossus, Italy – 500 ft (152 m) You will find this 350 m long bridge awe-inspiring and an inspiring spot for an energetic sport like bungee jumping. It will take you an average of almost 4.5 seconds for the first fall. You need a lot of nerve power to sustain the 100 km/hr vertical velocity of the free fall.
remiss Definition of remiss. 1  1 : negligent in the performance of work or duty : careless. 2  2 : showing neglect or inattention : lax.
Where in the nucleus is the genetic material located? The genetic material is contained in chromosomes which are within the nucleus of the cell. Yes. The genetic material is contained in chromosomes which are within the nucleus of the cell.
. Printer Friendly Send to Friend Schengen Visa Application Where to apply? Even though one Schengen visa allows you to freely travel within all Schengen countries, and the visa rules and procedures are the same for all Schengen countries, in order to balance the work load and the traffic, certain rules have been established regarding which country's embassy/consulate you need to apply for a Schengen visa. If you are visiting only one Schengen country, you need to apply at the embassy/consulate of that particular country. If you intend to visit several Schengen countries, you must apply for a visa at the embassy/consulate of the country which is your main destination. To determine your main destination, find out the country within the Schengen territory where you are going to spend the most number of nights. If you intend to visit several Schengen countries and if you don't have a main destination or if you are going to spend an equal number of nights in multiple Schengen countries, you must apply for a visa at the embassy/consulate of the country which is your first port of entry. If you are applying for the visas with limited territorial validity, you need to apply to the concerned consulate for the examination of the application. If you don't need a visa for the Schengen country of your main destination or first point of entry, you may require a visa for other Schengen countries you may wish to visit. You need to apply with the embassy/consulate of the first country that requires you have a visa. The visa is issued only by the consulate of France if Monaco is your main destination. Once you have determined the embassy/consulate of the country where you need to apply, you need to apply at the embassy/consulate of that country that has jurisdiction of over your place of residence. When to apply? Processing timings vary at different embassies/consulates in different parts of the world. So that you are able to make your trip as planned, you are recommended to apply for a Schengen visa approximately 6 weeks before you intend to travel. The usual processing time for a visa is 24 to 48 hours. However, it can take as long as 14 to 21 days for citizens of certain countries. Some embassies/consulates allow for walk-ins while others allow by appointment ONLY. Also, except for the long-stay visitor visa applicants, you can't book an appointment more than 6 weeks in advance. Issuance by representation If the Schengen country responsible for issuing the Schengen visa does not have any embassy/consulate in a third country where you need to apply, the visa may be issued by representation by the embassy/consulate of the country that represents the interests of the country responsible in a particular third country. When a visa has been issued by representation, the letter "R" must be entered under the heading "Remarks", followed by the country code of the country on whose behalf the visa is issued. E.g., if the German embassy in Washington DC issued a visa on behalf of Iceland, the remarks should say "R IS". Representation applies only for the issuance of visas. Travelers that can't get a visa for inability to provide sufficient proof that they fulfill relevant conditions may also apply at the embassy/consulate of the main destination in a neighboring country, if such case arises. Table of representation for issuing uniform visas Non-residents If you apply for a visa in a country where you are not ordinarily resident, you must provide a justification regarding why you are applying from a third country. Applying Even when you present all required documentation, you are not guaranteed a Schengen visa as there is no right to it. Presenting all the documents only assures that the application can be accepted by the appropriate consulate, but not that a visa will actually be granted. The consular office can ask for any additional documents as necessary. You should not make non-refundable travel arrangement until you receive the approval for your visa. You should never assume that your application will be automatically approved. The consular 
What is the charge for topping up by card?
Nonfarm payrolls From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Nonfarm payroll employment is a compiled name for goods, construction and manufacturing companies in the US. It does not include farm workers, private household employees, or non-profit organization employees. It is an influential statistic and economic indicator released monthly by the United States Department of Labor as part of a comprehensive report on the state of the labor market. The financial assets most affected by the nonfarm payroll (NFP) data include the US dollar, equities [1] [2] and gold. [3] The markets react very quickly and most of the time in a very volatile fashion around the time the NFP data is released. The short-term market moves indicate that there is a very strong correlation between the NFP data and the strength of the US dollar. Historical price movement data shows a small negative correlation between the NFP data and the US dollar Index. [4]The Bureau of Labor Statistics releases preliminary data on the third Friday after the conclusion of the reference week, i.e., the week which includes the 12th of the month, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time; [5] typically this date occurs on the first Friday of the month. Nonfarm payroll is included in the monthly Employment Situation or informally the jobs report and affects the US dollar, the Foreign exchange market, the bond market, and the stock market. The figure released is the change in nonfarm payrolls (NFP), compared to the previous month, and is usually between +10,000 and +250,000 during non-recessional times. The NFP number is meant to represent the number of jobs added or lost in the economy over the last month, not including jobs relating to the farming industry. Contents [ hide ]1 Interpretation for the economy2 Interpretation for financial markets3 See also4 References5 External links Interpretation for the economy [ edit]In general, increases in employment means both that businesses are hiring which means they are growing and that those newly employed people have money to spend on goods and services, further fueling growth. The opposite of this is true for decreases in employment. Interpretation for financial markets [ edit]US employment data showed sustained weakness throughout 2011. The jobs market has become an area of key focus for investors and market participants since US Federal Reserve ties monetary policies with economic performance, such as the size of quantitative easing programme. For this reason and in this environment the market is particularly sensitive to significant NFP releases. While the overall number of jobs added or lost in the economy is obviously an important current indicator of what the economic situation is, the report also includes several other pieces of data that can move financial markets:1. What the unemployment rate is in the economy as a percentage of the overall workforce. This is an important part of the report as the number of people out of work is a good indication of the overall health of the economy, and this is a number that is watched by the Fed as when it becomes low (generally anything below 5%) inflation is expected to start to creep up as businesses have to pay up to hire good workers and increase prices as a result. This initial rise in prices may mean that workers demand higher wages (especially as the economy reaches full employment) causing further inflation. In macroeconomics, this is known as the price/wage spiral.2. Which sectors the increase or decrease in jobs came from. This can give traders a heads up on which sectors of the economy may be primed for growth as companies in those sectors such as housing add jobs.3. Average hourly earnings. This is an important component because if the same number of people are employed but are earning more or less money for that work, this has basically the same effect as if people had been added or subtracted from the labor force.4. Revisions of previous nonfarm payrolls releases. An important component of the report which can move markets as traders re-price growth expectations based o
dumbwaiter Definition of dumbwaiter for English Language Learners. : a small elevator for carrying food or goods from one floor of a building to another.
Beaufort, South Carolina the 1990s, expanding the city limits northward near the unincorporated Seabrook community. Previous attempts at bringing large-scale residential development north of the air station were defeated after protests from long-time citizens and environmental advocacy groups. The Beaufort area has several printed publications. The daily newspaper "The Beaufort Gazette" is the oldest and most circulated newspaper of record in South Carolina and is the sister publication to the Bluffton-based "Island Packet". There are two weekly print newspapers: "The Island News" and an alternative newsweekly called "Lowcountry Weekly". There are five online-only publications, the, Beaufort Online.com, EatSleepPlayBeaufort.com, "TheDigitel Beaufort" and "The Beaufort
Adrienne Bailon Adrienne Eliza Houghton ( née Bailon ; born October 24 , 1983 ) is an American singer-songwriter , recording artist , actress , dancer and television personality . Adrienne Bailon first became publicly known when she rose to fame as one of the founding members and singer of both 3LW ( 1999 -- 2007 ) and Disney 's The Cheetah Girls ( 2003 -- 2008 ) .   Bailon recorded a debut solo album which was later shelved . Since then , Bailon has stated that she plans to record a Spanish-language solo album .   Aside from her work in 3LW and The Cheetah Girls , Bailon went on to develop her own acting career with roles in The Cheetah Girls films , Coach Carter and the MTV film All You 've Got . Aside from her work in film , she has also guest starred in numerous television series including the Disney Channel series That 's So Raven and The Suite Life of Zack & Cody . Bailon has established a solo music career , contributing two solo tracks , including `` What If '' , to The Cheetah Girls : One World soundtrack as well as the Confessions of a Shopaholic soundtrack , and numerous other guest musical ventures .   Bailon co-stars alongside television personality , model and actress Julissa Bermudez in their own reality series , Empire Girls : Julissa and Adrienne which airs on the Style Network . Adrienne met Julissa on the set of the 2006 film All You 've Got .   Currently , Bailon is one of the hosts of syndicated talk show The Real along with former fellow Disney Channel star Tamera Mowry , Jeannie Mai , and Loni Love , which premiered on July 15 , 2013 .   Bailon 's career , spanning over 16 years with both 3LW and The Cheetah Girls , has helped her sell a combined 5.6 million recording albums worldwide .
Do you like wine?  Do you wish you could have it more often?  There is good wine to be had for less than 50 cents a glass, even if you can't get Two-Buck Chuck in your area. There are two kinds of Franzia that are great.  Cabernet Sauvignon and Old World Chablis.  The rest are terrible, but these were recommended to me by a chef buddy of mine, and he's right.  They last forever (the bag within the box is vacuum sealed), and they're so cheap that you can keep them around for cooking and just pour yourself a glass when you'd like wine with your food.
Jon Jones and Fabricio Werdum will be at the LA Fit expo tomorrow
it was directly handed (presented) to Dobby, by Lucius Malfoy. This doesn't mean they could just pick up any piece of clothing and be free. laundry day or not..
Why does the reverse saturation current not vary with the reverse voltage?
This comment is not toxic.
Sierra Building Products Sierra Building Products Claimed4 reviews Details Rating details Add Add categories Write a Review Add Photo Share Bookmark Edit10714 Poplar Ave Fontana, CA 92337Get Directions (909) 355-6422Message the business Send to your Phone Photo of Sierra Building Products - Fontana, CA, United States by Rudy M. Photo of Sierra Building Products - Fontana, CA, United States by Rudy M. See all 37 photos 
Transverse Process Fracture Transverse Process Fracture A transverse process is a bony protrusion from the back of a vertebrae bone in the spine. There is one on each side of every vertebrae in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine. Transverse process fracture symptoms Transverse process fracture of the spine include sudden pain in the back at the time of injury. There will be decreased range of motion of the affected area of the spine and pain when trying to bend or twist the affected area. In particular there may be tenderness and swelling around the site of the fracture. Transverse process fracture explained A transverse process fracture is quite a rare injury. It usually results from a sudden extreme twisting or side bending movement. Occasionally it may be due to a direct impact to the process itself, although they are pretty well covered by muscle to this is not common. Avulsion fractures of the transverse process may also occur in the lumbar spine. The Psoas muscle attaches to the transverse processes and a strong contraction of this muscle may cause one or more fractures. Because of the location of the fracture it is unlikely to cause any instability of the spine or any damage to the spinal cord. Treatment If injury to the vertebrae is suspected always seek medical attention at soon as possible. An X-ray will be taken to confirm the diagnosis and the extent of the injury. The presence of associated injuries should also be investigated due to the level of force required to fracture a transverse process. CT or MRI scans may also be performed. Providing there is no associated injury and the transverse process is not displaced, then the majority of fractures are treated conservatively, without surgery. A brace may be used to ensure the spine is kept still and straight to allow healing of the bone. A gradual introduction of spinal movement can be used once the bone has healed and the patient is pain-free. 
This comment is not toxic.
Puddle of Mudd Puddle of Mudd. Puddle of Mudd is an American post-grunge band formed in 1991. To date, the band has sold over seven million albums and has had a string of No. 1 mainstream rock singles in the United States. Their major-label debut Come Clean has sold over five million copies.
Its not that sound travels *faster* at night, it's that it can be heard along the same plane from a further distance. This is due to [sound refraction.](_URL_0_) Essentially, think about sound waves as always moving towards the cool air. During the day, you've got warm air near the surface and cool air up in the atmosphere. Sound will curve upwards towards the cool air, causing the sound waves to only travel a relatively short distance before passing over your head to the point where you wouldn't be able to hear it from where you're standing. However, at night, you've got cool air near the surface and the warmer air is rising. So you have an inverse refraction where once the sound waves reach a certain apex, they deflect back towards the surface again.  [Here's a visual aid.](_URL_1_)
- 4 l 21,003 view. Hey everyone today is Bts's Jimins Birthday. Our lovely boy is turning 18 american age and 19 korean age. Lets wish Him a happy birthday. ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ JiMin ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥.
England rugby union try record progression him and was not broken until another RAF fighter pilot, Rory Underwood, scored his nineteenth try almost sixty-seven years later on 20 January 1990. Underwood had taken thirty-eight matches to reach this mark, compared to Lowe's twenty-four. Before Lowe, other try scorers had had better scoring ratios, amongst them record holders Burton scoring six in six, Wade seven in eight, Tot Robinson eight in eight, and Hudson, nine in eight. Daniel Lambert had also scored eight tries in a career of seven appearances. Lowe's achievement has been singled out as being all the more remarkable due to the almost six
Pahlavi dynasty: Wikis The Islamic Republic of Iran changed SAVAK to SAVAMA. It was run after the revolution, according to U.S. sources and Iranian exile sources in the US and in Paris, by Gen. Hossein Fardoust, who was deputy chief of SAVAK under the former Shah, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and a friend from boyhood of the deposed monarch.
There were different [species of humans](_URL_0_), but we've outcompeted or outbred them.  Given enough time, we could begin to speciate again, but at this point there is so much interbreding that it's hard to really say that, in the long run, any group of humans will be isolated enough for long enough to speciate.
Wound Debridement Home > Patients > Resources for Patients > Wound Debridement. Debridement is the process of removing dead tissue from wounds. The dead tissue may be black, gray, yellow, tan, or white. Foreign material may also be on the wound. It may need to be removed. Your wound care doctor will let you know if dead tissue needs to be removed from your wound.
Chia Seeds and Fiber Fiber Content. As one of the richest sources of soluble fiber, chia is an ideal supplement if you suffer from diabetes, hypertension and high cholesterol, Dr. Nicholas Perricone writes in “Forever Young.” The dietary fiber content is approximately 56.5 g per 100 grams of seeds -- 14.1 grams being soluble.
Gucci Gucci ( -LSB- guːtʃi -RSB- -LSB- ˈɡuttʃi -RSB- ) is an Italian luxury brand of fashion and leather goods , part of the Gucci Group , which is owned by the French holding company Kering . Gucci was founded by Guccio Gucci in Florence in 1921 .  Gucci generated about $ 4.2 billion in revenue worldwide in 2008 according to BusinessWeek and climbed to 41st position in the magazine 's annual 2009 `` Top Global 100 Brands '' chart created by Interbrand ; it retained that rank in Interbrand 's 2014 index . Gucci is also the biggest-selling Italian brand .   Gucci operates about 278 directly operated stores worldwide as of September 2009 , and it wholesales its products through franchisees and upscale department stores . In the year 2013 , the brand was valued at US$ 12.1 billion , with sales of US$ 4.7 billion . In the Forbes World 's Most Valuable Brands list , Gucci is ranked the 38th most valuable brand , with a brand value of $ 12.4 billion as of May 2015 . As of January 2015 , the creative director is Alessandro Michele .
Top 10 Best Golfers of all time Here it is, the No. 1 in our best golfers of all-time list is Jack Nicklaus. He was nicknamed as ‘The Golden Bear’. Jack is indeed the best golfers of all time in golf history. Let’s take a look at his incredible records. In his career, he has a record 73 victories which include 18 major championships and 6 Masters.
- A disposition is an artificial habit, a preparation, a state of readiness, or a tendency to act in a specified way that may be learned.
Serial Murder CODIS Development and Design. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has provided the law enforcement community with the Combined DNA Index System (CODIS), a national DNA‑profile matching service comprised of databases containing DNA profiles from crime scenes, convicted offenders, and missing persons. CODIS began as a pilot project in 1990.
Ivanka Trump Gives Birth to a Baby Boy! Larry Busacca/Getty Images It's a boy! Ivanka Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, welcomed their second child on Monday, Oct. 14. We just welcomed a beautiful & healthy son into the world," the jewelry designer and Celebrity Apprentice boardroom judge tweeted at 11:39 p.m. ET. "Jared, Arabella and I couldn't be happier! "The couple welcomed their firstborn daughter, Arabella Rose, in July 2011. They have yet to reveal their little boy's name or share other birth details with fans. Ivanka's famous father, Donald Trump, also expressed his joy via Twitter. "My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!" the 67-year-old business magnate wrote. "Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!" 
Hannibal Hannibal Barca ( Punic language : ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ ð $ `` ð $ ' , Q-R-B L-A - ' - A-B-N-Ḥ ; 247 -- between 183 and 181 BC ) , was a Carthaginian general , considered one of the greatest military commanders in history . His father Hamilcar Barca was the leading Carthaginian commander during the First Punic War . His younger brothers were Mago and Hasdrubal , and he was brother-in-la   Hannibal lived during a period of great tension in the Mediterranean Basin , when the Roman Republic established its supremacy over other great powers such as ancient Carthage and the Greek kingdoms of Macedonia , Syracuse , and the Seleucid Empire . One of his most famous achievements was at the outbreak of the Second Punic War , when he marched an army which included war elephants from Iberia over the Pyrenees and the Alps into Italy . In his first few years in Italy , he won three dramatic victories -- the Trebia , Lake Trasimene , and Cannae , in which he distinguished himself for his ability to determine his and his opponent 's strengths and weaknesses , and to play the battle to his strengths and the enemy 's weaknesses -- and won over many allies of Rome . Hannibal occupied much of Italy for 15 years but was unable to march on Rome . An enemy counter-invasion of North Africa forced him to return to Carthage , where he was decisively defeated by Scipio Africanus at the Battle of Zama . Scipio had studied Hannibal 's tactics and brilliantly devised some of his own , and finally defeated Rome 's nemesis at Zama , having previously driven Hannibal 's brother Hasdrubal out of the Iberian Peninsula .   After the war , Hannibal successfully ran for the office of sufet . He enacted political and financial reforms to enable the payment of the war indemnity imposed by Rome ; however , Hannibal 's reforms were unpopular with members of the Carthaginian aristocracy and in Rome , and he fled into voluntary exile . During this time , he lived at the Seleucid court , where he acted as military advisor to Antiochus III the Great in his war against Rome . Antiochus met defeat at the Battle of Magnesia and was forced to accept Rome 's terms , and Hannibal fled again , making a stop in the Kingdom of Armenia . His flight ended in the court of Bithynia , where he achieved an outstanding naval victory against a fleet from Pergamon . He was afterwards betrayed to the Romans and committed suicide by poisoning himself .   Hannibal is often regarded as one of the greatest military strategists in history and one of the greatest generals of Mediterranean antiquity , together with Philip of Macedon , Alexander the Great , Julius Caesar , and Scipio Africanus . Plutarch states that Hannibal was questioned by Scipio as to who was the greatest general , and Hannibal replied either Alexander or Pyrrhus , then himself , or , according to another version of the event , Pyrrhus , Scipio , then himself . Military historian Theodore Ayrault Dodge called Hannibal the `` father of strategy '' , because his greatest enemy , Rome , came to adopt elements of his military tactics in its own strategic arsenal . This praise has earned him a strong reputation in the modern world , and he was regarded as a great strategist by Napoleon and others .
What is Sass? Web design What is Sass? What is Sass? By Tammy Coron 2017-07-05T11:00:55.185Z Web design Everything you need to know about what Sass is, and why you should use it. Shares Beginners or those who have taken a break from web design for a few years may not know what Sass is, but we're here to help explain with this guide to those starting out or in need of a refresher. However, before jumping into this article, I feel like a quick public service announcement is in order: if you're new to CSS, I do not recommend using any preprocessors (like Sass). The same goes for any other extensions or frameworks. While it's true they offer many advantages, it's more important that you first understand the basics of CSS; please do not skip this crucial step of learning the core concepts. What is a CSS preprocessor? A CSS preprocessor is a scripting language that extends CSS by allowing developers to write code in one language and then compile it into CSS. Some examples of CSS preprocessor include: Sass, Less and Stylus. What is Sass? Sass is arguably the most useful of all CSS extensions Sass (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets) is an extension of CSS that enables you to use things like variables, nested rules, inline imports and more. It also helps to keep things organised and allows you to create style sheets faster. The only requirement for using Sass is that you must have Ruby installed. Users are also asked to follow the Sass Community Guidelines. Using Sass The following section outlines basic usage and uses examples from the official Sass website. See the Sass Documentation for additional references and examples. Syntax Sass includes two syntax options: SCSS (Sassy CSS): Uses the .scss file extension and is fully compliant with CSS syntax Indented (simply called 'Sass'): Uses .sass file extension and indentation rather than brackets; it is not fully compliant with CSS syntax, but it's quicker to write Note that files can be converted from one syntax to the other using the sass-convert command. Variables Just like other programming languages, Sass allows the use of variables that can store information you can use throughout your style sheet. For example, you can store a colour value in a variable at the top of the file, and then use this variable when setting the colour of your elements. This enables you to quickly change your colours without having to modify each line separately. For example:$ font-stack: Helvetica, sans-serif; $ primary-color: #333 ; body {font: 100% $font-stack;color: $primary-color;}The following CSS will be produced:body {font: 100% Helvetica, sans-serif;color: #333;}Nesting Nesting is a double-edged sword. While it provides an excellent method for reducing the amount of code you need to write, it can also lead to over-qualified CSS if not executed carefully. The idea is to nest your CSS selectors in such a way as to mimic your HTML hierarchy. The following shows a basic navigation style that uses nesting:nav {ul {margin: 0;padding: 0;list-style: none;}li { display: inline-block; }a {display: block;padding: 6px 12px;text-decoration: none;}}The CSS output is as follows:nav ul {margin: 0;padding: 0;list-style: none;}nav li {display: inline-block;}nav a {display: block;padding: 6px 12px;text-decoration: none;}Partials Partials are smaller Sass files that can be imported (see next section) into other Sass files. Think of partials as code snippets. With these code snippets, your CSS can now be modular and easier to maintain. A partial is designated as such by naming it with a leading underscore: _partial.scss. Import Used with Partials (see previous section), the @import directive allows you to import your partial files into the current file, to build one single CSS file. Be mindful of how many imports you're using as an HTTP request will be generated for each one.// _reset.scss html, body, ul, ol {margin: 0;padding: 0;}// basefile.scss @import 'reset';body {font: 100% Helvetica, sans-serif;background-color: #efefef;}And the corresponding CSS output:html, body, ul, ol {margin: 0;padding: 0;}body {font
Harold Koplar last name) in a converted apartment building near the hotel. He established a development at Lake of the Ozarks in 1964 that includes the Lodge of Four Seasons hotel, two golf courses, a marina, and Spa Shiki. In 1966 he was listed as part-owner of the troubled midtown landmark Continental Life Building, along with St. Louis mayor Alfonso J. Cervantes and nationally known defense attorney Morris Shenker, who was also Koplar's brother-in-law. Harold and Marie Lauer Koplar married on March 30, 1931. The couple had three children: Robert "Bob" Koplar (d. 1977), Edward J. "Ted" Koplar, and Susan Koplar Brown.
There is something called a soliton wave which occurs almost exclusively in canals and rivers. They can be destructive on small scales and require comparatively little energy to create. (The first recorded one was caused by two horses pulling a barge.) A traditional Tsunami must be created in --or at least travel in-- deep water, since it's the deep-to-shallow transition at the shoreline which causes the wave to slow down, gain height, and flood the land.  Because a tsunami wave in open water travels at such high speed its wavelength is incredibly long, requiring an initiator that is either huge (continental uplift) or long-running (underwater rock slide). It really wouldn't fit in any river.
Could India and Pakistan reunite in future.What will be the effects of reunificaton?
Ardèche (river) The Ardèche (Occitan: "Ardecha" ) is a 125 km long river in south-central France, a right-bank tributary of the River Rhône. Its source is in the Massif Central, near the village of Astet. It flows into the Rhône near Pont-Saint-Esprit, north-west of Orange. The river gives its name to the French department of Ardèche.
The sentiment of this tweet is neutral, meaning that the content does not express any strong emotions or opinions.
Mistress Quickly Mistress Quickly Mistress Nell Quickly is a fictional character who appears in several plays by William Shakespeare. She is an inn-keeper, who runs the Boar's Head Tavern, at which Sir John Falstaff and his disreputable cronies congregate. The character appears in four plays: "Henry IV, Part 1", "Henry IV, Part 2", "Henry V" and "The Merry Wives of Windsor". In all the plays Quickly is characterised as a woman with strong links to the criminal underworld, but who is nevertheless preoccupied with her own respectable reputation. Her speech is filled with malapropisms, double entendres and "bawdy innuendo". Her name may
Putting aside the fact that children are easily amused... Children don't have experience. As a result, what looks simple to you or me is quite complicated to a child. You and I get bored with things quickly because we've seen it all before, in various ways. Children haven't. There are so many things that they don't know- they're still learning to process the world around them, so there's always a little further their understanding can go each time they watch a film. If you like Inception, you've probably seen it many times. That's because you're still trying to "get" all of its subtleties. It's sort of like that, but children are still kind of building their worldview from the ground up, so there's that much more for them to glean.
Stabilization of monomial maps in higher codimension
Think of it this way. The Interstate Highway System was designed by Eisenhower during a time when the a Soviet Invasion was considered a very real threat. It was not built to make your life easier, but rather to enable the United States to move massive quantities of soldiers and supplies faster than the Soviets could land them. The reason then, that many cities in the Central Valley of California, were bypassed is twofold. 1) They are strategically insignificant. They offer no choke-points or zones of control, and thus were considered not important enough. 2) They are tactically unsound. Any force of size enough to be considered a threat moving through the area would be in the low ground, and vulnerable to an armored assault.
reload() does not appear to reload the module
After the Dalai Lama's government fled to Dharamsala, India, during the 1959 Tibetan Rebellion, it established a rival government-in-exile. Afterwards, the Central People's Government in Beijing renounced the agreement and began implementation of the halted social and political reforms. During the Great Leap Forward, between 200,000 and 1,000,000 Tibetans died, and approximately 6,000 monasteries were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution. In 1962 China and India fought a brief war over the disputed South Tibet and Aksai Chin regions. Although China won the war, Chinese troops withdrew north of the McMahon Line, effectively ceding South Tibet to India.
a small town called southpark? it could work, but you'd be in debt the rest of your life.
. TRIBUTOXY ETHYLPHOSPHATE- TBEPSimplename: TBEP,TBXP, KP-140 Sales at cychemical dot com Synonyms: TBEP, Tris (2-butoxyethyl) phosphate CAS#: 78-51-3 Molecular Weight: 398.48 Molecular: C18H39O7P Appearance Colorless or light-yellow transparent liquid Refrac Supplier - Jiangsu Changyu Chemical Co.,Ltd [Manufacturer,Trading Company]China (Mainland)Credibility：Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate ( TBEP)Port: SHANGHAI Minimum Order Quantity: 10 Ton/Tons Supply Ability: 500 Ton/Tons per Month Payment Terms: L/C,T/TTributoxy Ethyl Phosphate (tbep) , Find Complete Details about Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate (tbep),Tbep,Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate,Tbep Kp-140 Tbxp from Electronics Chemicals Supplier or Manufacturer-Shanghai Sungo Technology & Trade Co., Ltd. Supplier - SHANGHAI SUNGO TECHNOLOGY & TRADE CO., LTD. [Manufacturer, Trading Company]China (Mainland)Credibility：TBEP (Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate)Place of Origin: Shandong China (Mainland) MF: C18H39O7P Usage: Plastic Auxiliary Agents, Rubber Auxiliary Agents Port: Qingdao Port,China Purity: 99% Other Names: Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate Model Number: TBEP Brand Name: GLTbep (tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate) , Find Complete Details about Tbep (tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate),Tbep,Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate,78-51-3 from Plastic Auxiliary Agents Supplier or Manufacturer-Weifang Graceland Chemicals Co., Ltd. Supplier - Weifang Graceland Chemicals Co., Ltd. China (Mainland)Credibility：Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate ( TBEP)Classification: Chemical Auxiliary Agent CAS No. : 78-51-3 Type: Other Usage: Other Place of Origin: China (Mainland) Payment Terms: L/C,D/P,T/TTributoxy Ethyl Phosphate (TBEP) 1. Cas no. :78-51-3 2. Colorless and transparent liquid 3.200 kg/galvanization metal pail. 20-23 Product name: Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate (TBEP)Other name: TBEP,KP-140,TBXPChemical name Supplier - Shanghai Yancui Import and Export Co., Ltd. [Trading Company, Agent ]China (Mainland)Credibility：Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate ( TBEP)Place of Origin: Yunnan China (Mainland) MF: C18H39O7P Application: Flame retardant plasticizer Port: Shanghai and Guangzhou port Purity: 95% Other Names: KP-140 Grade Standard: Industrial Grade Model Number: KP-140Product name: Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate (TBEP) Other name: TBEP,KP-140,TBXP It is a good flame retardant. Specification: Index name Valueappearancecolorless and transparent liquidacidity (mg KOH/g):≤0.1%refractive index (n D25)1.4320-1Supplier - kunming jiaxinde chemicals corporation China (Mainland)Credibility：Tris (butoxyethyl)Phosphate TBEPTris (butoxyethyl)Phosphate (TBEP; TBXP; KP-140) Product name Tris (butoxyethyl)Phosphate ; Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate; *TBXP, KP-140) CAS NO. 78-51-3 Molecular Formula C18H39PO7 Molecular Weight 398.48 Product Quality App Supplier - Jiangsu Victory Chemical Co.,Ltd [Manufacturers]China (Mainland)Credibility：Tributoxy ethyl phosphate ( TBEP)Grade Standard: Industrial Grade Supply Ability: 500 Ton/Tons per Year Payment Terms: L/C,T/T,Western Union Colourless or primrose,transparent oily liquid Used as a plasticizer for the nitrocellulose,the ethyl cellulose,acrylate Chemical formula and molecular weight Chemical formula: C18H39O7P Molecular weight:398.32CAS No Supplier - Anhui Haibei Import & Export Co., Ltd. [Manufacturer,Trading Company]China (Mainland)Credibility：TBEP / TBXP (Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate)Place of Origin: China (Mainland) MF: C18H39O7P Usage: Plastic Auxiliary Agents, Rubber Auxilia... Other Names: KP-140 Payment Terms: L/C,T/T Brand Name: LANYACHEM Type: Other Supply Ability: 3000 Metric Ton/Metric Tons per Month Product name: Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate (TBEP) Other name: TBEP,KP-140,TBXP It is a good flame retardant. Product name: Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate (TBEP) Other name: TBEP,KP-140,TBXP It is a good flame retardant. Specification Supplier - Nanjing Lanya Chemical Co., Ltd. China (Mainland)Credibility：Tributoxy Ethyl Phosphate ( TBEP)Port: XINGANG,CHINA FOB Price: US $100 - 1,000 / Ton Minimum Order Quantity: 10 Ton/Tons send samples Supply Ability: 1000 Ton/Tons per Month visit a factory Payment Terms: L/C,D/A,D/P,T/T,Western Union,M
Who Was the Oldest President? History Modern History US History Q: Who Was the Oldest President? A: Quick Answer Republican President Ronald Reagan was the oldest acting U. S. president; he was 69 years old (just a few days shy of his 70th birthday) when he took office in 1981, and he served two consecutive terms, meaning he was in his 70s for the majority of his tenure as president. Gerald Ford and Reagan are the longest living presidents; both Ford and Reagan lived to 94 years old, though Ford was technically older by a few weeks. As the oldest serving U. S. president, Reagan's age was the focus of some public concern and scrutiny, particularly during the 1984 election for his second term. Continue Reading Keep Learning Why Did Andrew Jackson Oppose the National Bank? How Many Terms Can a President Serve? How Many Years Can a President Serve? Credit: Michael Evans Public Domain Full Answer Reagan was 73 years old during the 1984 presidential campaign for his second term, and his advanced age was a point of discussion, particularly after a debate appearance in which Reagan appeared confused and slightly incoherent. Journalists questioned the president about his fitness to serve in an exhausting and demanding job. However, Reagan was able to spin questions about his record-breaking age into criticisms of his opponent, Walter Mondale, citing Mondale's youth and lack of experience. Reagan successfully won his second term, setting the bar even higher for the age of the oldest serving president. Learn more about US History Sources: pbs.org wikipedia.org Related Questions Q: What Is the U. S. Presidential Timeline? A: The United States presidential time line offers a chronological history of each president's years in office, as well as major changes or events in U. S. his... Full Answer >Filed Under: US History Q: How Old Was Rosa Parks When She Was Arrested? A: Civil Rights icon Rosa Parks was 42 years old when she was arrested on December 1, 1955, just a few weeks shy of her February 4 birthday. While riding on a... Full Answer >Filed Under: US History Q: How Long Are the Governor's Terms in Oregon? A: Governors of Oregon serve terms of four years and can have up to two consecutive terms over the course of any 12-year period. There is no limit to the tota... Full Answer >Filed Under: Elections Q: How Many Presidents Served in the Military? A: As of 2015, 26 United States presidents are military veterans; that constitutes the majority of the 43 men who have served as president so far. Presidents ... Full Answer >Filed Under: US History You May Also Like Q: What Are Some Facts About the Cobell Indian Trust Settlement? Q: Who Carved Mount Rushmore? Q: What Type of Clothing Did the Ho-Chunk Tribe Wear? Q: What Are Oklahoma Indian Roll Numbers? Q: How Did Delaware Get Its Name? Q: What Type of Government Did the New England Colonies Have? 
Almost always there needs to be some other pre-existing condition to make somebody vulnerable (old age, AIDS, serious malnutrition, etc) A normal, healthy person wouldn't die from the flu. That said, massive dehydration is a significant health risk for someone with flu; but even then hospitalization and IV could reverse that far before it results in death
Despite leveling after 1900, especially in matters of vocabulary and phonetics, a number of dialects still exist in Russia. Some linguists divide the dialects of Russian into two primary regional groupings, "Northern" and "Southern", with Moscow lying on the zone of transition between the two. Others divide the language into three groupings, Northern, Central (or Middle) and Southern, with Moscow lying in the Central region. All dialects also divided in two main chronological categories: the dialects of primary formation (the territory of the Eastern Rus' or Muscovy, roughly consists of the modern Central and Northwestern Federal districts); and secondary formation (other territory). Dialectology within Russia recognizes dozens of smaller-scale variants. The dialects often show distinct and non-standard features of pronunciation and intonation, vocabulary and grammar. Some of these are relics of ancient usage now completely discarded by the standard language.
My mom has been in a few clinical trials for psoriasis medicine. In the study on 1000 people, lasting 2 years, 3 of them, all old men, had a heart attack. It could not be proven that the heart attack was a result of the medicine, but a warning must be given to patients of the potential side effects. By the way, those 3 heart attacks were enough to close down the trial, which sucks because those pills really helped my mom.
The short answer is that you use the Lorentz transformations, which tell you how to translate from one frame of reference to another. The precise statement that emerges is this: If you have an object that travels faster than the speed of light in one reference frame, there exist other reference frames -- which, relative to the first reference frame, are traveling *slower* than the speed of light -- in which that object will be traveling backwards in time. It is critical that the two reference frames are not moving at a speed greater than *c* relative to each other, as this ensures that the Lorentz transformations are completely well-defined mathematically.
kW and kWh Explained Average power, typically measured in kW, is a great way to look at the energy usage * of a building. In many ways average-kW figures are easier to work with than kWh figures. *In this instance energy usage refers to the rate at which the energy is used (i.e. power).
Maps & Directions Maps & Directions Maps & Directions Driving Directions Passenger Pick-up Passenger Drop-off The Indianapolis International Airport is located off I-70 via exit 68, just five minutes west of I-465.7800 Col. H. Weir Cook Memorial Drive Indianapolis, IN 46241Don't see something you're looking for? Contact Guest Services at 317-487-7243 or reach out to us through our online contact form. If you're at IND, you can stop by the Guest Services desk which is located in Civic Plaza, just beyond Ticketing Hall. Driving Directions Find driving directions to the Indianapolis International Airport from all over the state. Directions Passenger Pick-up Passengers can be picked up at curbside on the arrivals level of the terminal and met inside of the terminal. Passenger Pick-up Passenger Drop-off Passengers can be dropped off at curbside on the departures level of the terminal or escorted into the terminal at the Ticketing Hall. Passenger Drop-off IND Maps & Information Click the tiles below to download PDF maps of our spaces at IND. Terminal Map Looking for something specific during your trip? Click here for our terminal map and information. Walking Paths Map Walking paths are offered at IND at pre-security and post-security locations. Click here for our walking paths map and information. Arts Program Map The art program at IND begin in 2005 and most of this artwork is open to the public. Click here for our arts program map and information. 
Some of the starts are on special teams but not many. I believe it’s because the team would rather not risk a starter getting hurt or tired on special teams. They have 53 man roster and only need 22 starters, why risk it?
Manchester, Maryland Manchester is a small incorporated town in northeastern Carroll County, Maryland, United States, located just south of the Pennsylvania state line and north of Baltimore. The population was 4,808 at the 2010 census.
Which president shot someone for treason on the lawn of the White House? Nothing like this every really happened. There is a very persistent story that Thomas Jefferson personally executed someone on the White House lawn for treason. This is not tr…ue. The story originated in the movie Swordfish (2001), where it is mentioned by John Travolta's character, Gabriel Shear.
. 
Scone For other uses, see Scone (disambiguation). A scone is a single-serving quick bread, usually made of wheat, barley or oatmeal with baking powder as a leavening agent and baked on sheet pans. A scone is often lightly sweetened and occasionally glazed with egg wash. The scone is a basic component of the cream tea or Devonshire tea. It differs from teacakes and other sweet buns that are made with yeast.
Leasehold Improvements About Finance menu. Leasehold Improvements. A leasehold improvement is an improvement made to a leased building by a department that has the right to use this leasehold improvement over the term of the lease. This improvement will revert to the lessor at the expiration of the lease.
Deccan Plateau Bay of Bengal. Most of the central plateau is drained by the Tungabhadra River, Krishna River and its tributaries, including the Bhima River, which also run east. The southernmost part of the plateau is drained by the Kaveri River, which rises in the Western Ghats of Karnataka and bends south to break through the Nilgiri Hills at the island town of Shivanasamudra and then falls into Tamil Nadu at Hogenakal Falls before flowing into the Stanley Reservoir and the Mettur Dam that created the reservoir, and finally emptying into the Bay of Bengal. The climate of the region varies from
What are the best ways to make new and true friends?
What are two possible uses for physics equations? Anonymous What are two possible uses for physics equations? Topics: Science › Math Answers Two possible uses for physics equations are : motion for the pendulum and Nuclear Physics0 6 years ago Physics is the branch of science that pertains to the study of different forms of matter and energy, so you can use it in everyday life to calculate how much power your home uses, for instance, and also how much gas your car uses and why.0 6 years ago Do you know the answer? Login or Sign Up to answer this question.data-config-site-section="chacha">Related Math Questions What is the physics equation used to find torque? Torque's formula is v = u + at v2 = u2 + 2as click for calculator s = ut + 1/2... Why is P used to represent momentum in Physics equations's magic eightball says "Becuase P would just make since" !What is a good physics equation? Angular frequency for a damped oscillation is a tricky equation. !What is the equation used to find interest? The interest formula is "Interest = Principle Rate x Amount x Time" !What is the equation you used for that? There is no equation for determining a cow's compartment. Much of the hay and... See All Questions ▶ 
. GMC Forum > Discussion Boards > PRACTICE ROOMWhat Exactly is a Chromatic Note? Optionsnowheretohide Jan 15 2007, 09:18 PM Post #1GMC:er Group: Members Posts: 14 Joined: 14-January 07 Member No. : 1.078Uh.. is it like just a added in half step like in the blues scale?fretdancer Jan 15 2007, 09:42 PM Post #2GMC:er Group: Members Posts: 328 Joined: 9-February 06 From: Nottingham UK Member No. : 370it means to add any note from the prevailing scale, So, if you were playing the E pentatonic scale - that is only 5 notes, but the chromatic scale is every note in the scale so providing you chose a note from the E scale, you would be adding a chromatic note whilst mainly playing the pentatonic scale. -------------------- its not easy banging your head against some mad buggers wall. Variax 300. Pod XTL & Crate amp some of my recordings are here: http://homepage.ntlworld.com/petergb/RIP Dime Jan 16 2007, 08:57 AM Post #3GMC:er Group: Members Posts: 1.063 Joined: 2-October 06 From: Hawaii Member No. : 862I always thought of chromatic notes as a note right before or after any given note. Like playing the notes A Bb B C (On the E string, frets - 5 6 7 8), you just moved chromaticlly (spelling?) from A to C, you played every note between A & C in order. --------------------Tank Jan 16 2007, 07:50 PM Post #4GMC Veteran Group: GMC Senior Posts: 667 Joined: 20-August 05 From: Shropshire UK Member No. : 5Fretdancer has the closest description. There are twelve pitches in the western scale (hence there are twelve frets on your guitar, from one octave to another). If you are playing any pentatonic (5 tone) scale, you have selected to use 5 out of those twelve notes. So lets say you are noodling away with your pentatonic scale, and you decide to throw in any of the other 7 notes, then that note would be considered a chromatic note. If you were playing a major diatonic scale with 7 notes (Doh Ray Me Fa So La Ti), there are 5 notes that you've left out of the 12. Therefore if you threw in any of these five remaining notes, they would be considered chromatic. So a chromatic note, is any note you play that is not in the scale you are playing. They are also a great way to practice, especially if you are going through the pentatonic scale. Try adding one of these "outside" chromatic notes to your scale, and see how it sounds above the chord you are playing over. /T« Next Oldest · PRACTICE ROOM · Next Newest »1 User (s) are reading this topic (1 Guests and 0 Anonymous Users)0 Members: 
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
Well, this was pretty Spooky. Anyone Know What Happened?
Gong Yoo Gong Ji-chul (; born July 10, 1979), better known by his stage name Gong Yoo (), is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in television dramas "The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince" (2007) and "" (2016-2017), and the films "Silenced" (2011), "The Age of Shadows" (2016), and "Train to Busan" (2016).
Tableau Online vs. Tableau Server: 5 Things to Consider Both solutions still require report publishers to have Tableau Desktop, which is $1600 per user in one-time licensing and $400 per year in maintenance. That’s a fixed cost regardless of solution. The per-user license cost for Tableau Server is $800 and $200 per year for maintenance. So, a report publisher requires both Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server or for a total cost of $3000 initially and $600 recurring per year. Tableau Online eliminates the need for a server environment, which includes hardware, deployment and maintenance. One report publisher costs $2500 initially.
You might want to ask the linguists over at /r/AskLinguistics, /r/Linguistics, or /r/AskSocialScience. There's also /r/Literature, /r/Literatures ("for multilingual discussion of world literatures"), and /r/AskLiteraryStudies. Any of these subreddits would be better placed to answer your question about language in literature than we mere historians.
European Throwing Cup European Throwing Cup The European Throwing Cup (until 2016 European Cup Winter Throwing) is an annual continental athletics competition for athletes specialising in the events of discus, javelin and hammer throwing and the shot put. The winter event, organised every March by the European Athletics Association, is intended as a counterbalance to the fact that indoor track and field meetings cannot host the longer throwing events. It allows athletes who specialise in throwing events to gauge their form for the forthcoming outdoor athletics season. The event was first held in Nice, France, in 2001 as the European Winter Throwing Challenge.
Tick-Borne Diseases and Your Pet Image: Henrik Larsson / via Shutterstock Lyme Disease and More in Dogs and Cats Protecting your cat or dog (or both) from ticks is an important part of disease prevention. In fact, there are several diseases that can be transmitted to your pet from a tick bite. Some of the most common tick-borne diseases seen in the United States are Lyme disease, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, ehrlichiosis, and tick paralysis. Here we will briefly discuss these and some of other tick-borne diseases that affect dogs and cats.1 of 11 
The doctrines of the Assumption or Dormition of Mary relate to her death and bodily assumption to Heaven. The Roman Catholic Church has dogmaically defined the doctrine of the Assumption, which was done in 1950 by Pope Pius XII in Munificentissimus Deus. Whether the Virgin Mary died or not is not defined dogmatically, however, although a reference to the death of Mary are made in Munificentissimus Deus. In the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Assumption of the Virgin Mary is believed, and celebrated with her Dormition, where they believe she died.
The Federal Housing Administration (FHA) The Federal Housing Administration, generally known as FHA, provides mortgage insurance on loans made by FHA-approved lenders throughout the United States and its territories. FHA insures mortgages on single family and multifamily homes including manufactured homes and hospitals.
Clark County, Nevada It is, however, located in the Las Vegas Valley. Clark County is coextensive with the Las Vegas–Paradise, NV Metropolitan Statistical Area, a metropolitan statistical area designated by the Office of Management and Budget and used by the United States Census Bureau and other agencies for statistical purposes.
What is UKIP? What does UKIP mean? UKIP meaning, definition & explanation What is UKIP? What does UKIP mean? UKIP meaning, definition & explanation The Audiopedia Subscribe 96KAdd to Share More1,228 views Published on Jun 26, 2016What is UKIP? What does UKIP mean? UKIP meaning - UKIP pronunciation - UKIP definition - UKIP explanation - How to pronounce UKIP? Source: Wikipedia.org article, adapted under https://creativecommons.org/licenses/... license. The UK Independence Party (UKIP) is a Eurosceptic and right-wing populist political party in the United Kingdom. Headquartered in Newton Abbot, Devon, its leader is Nigel Farage. UKIP has one Member of Parliament in the House of Commons, three representatives in the House of Lords, and twenty-two Members of the European Parliament, making it the largest UK party in the European Parliament. It has 488 councillors in UK local government and seven members in the National Assembly for Wales. Although describing itself as a libertarian party, academic political scientists have instead characterised UKIP's ideological approach as being that of right-wing populism, also identifying it as part of the broader European radical right. Historically UKIP's primary emphasis was on hard Euroscepticism, calling for the UK's exit from the European Union, although it now couples this with nationalist and economically liberal policies. Governed by its leader and National Executive Committee (NEC), UKIP is divided into twelve regional groups, with an additional one representing Gibraltar. UKIP is founder member of the Alliance for Direct Democracy in Europe (ADDE) European political party, and the party's MEPs sit with the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy (EFDD) group in the European Parliament. Its support base is primarily older, white, male voters with less formal education. UKIP was founded in 1991 by the historian Alan Sked as the Anti-Federalist League, a single-issue Eurosceptic party. Renamed UKIP in 1993, the party adopted a wider right-wing platform and gradually increased its support. Under Farage's leadership, from 2009 the party tailored its policies towards the white working-class, before making significant breakthroughs in the 2013 local elections and the 2014 European elections, where UKIP received the most votes. At the 2015 general election, the party gained the third largest vote share and one seat in the House of Commons. UKIP put up a record number of candidates for the 2013 local elections and in the run up to the election performed well in opinion polls, despite a number of controversies over individual candidates in the weeks before the elections. In the elections, the party achieved its best ever local government result, polling an average of 23% in the wards where it stood, and increasing its number of elected councillors from 4 to 147. It made significant gains in Norfolk, Lincolnshire and Kent, taking 15, 16 and 17 seats respectively. This was declared the best result for a party outside the big three in British politics since the Second World War, with UKIP being described as "the most popular political insurgency" in Britain since the Social Democratic Party during the 1980s. In local elections in 2014, UKIP won 163 seats, an increase of 128, but did not take control of any council. In March 2014, Ofcom and the BBC awarded UKIP "major party status" for the 2014 European Elections. UKIP received the greatest number of votes (27.49%) of any British party in the 2014 European Parliament election and gained 11 extra MEPs for a total of 24. The party won seats in every region of Britain, including its first in Scotland. It was the first time in over a century that a party other than Labour or Conservatives won the most votes in a UK-wide election. UKIP gained its first elected MP with Douglas Carswell winning the seat of Clacton during a Clacton by-election in October 2014. Carswell had defected from the Conservatives, and gained 59.75% of the vote. In November fellow defector from the Conservatives, Mark Reckless, resigned his seat in order to trigger a by-elect
How Long Does an Online Associateâs Degree Take? For example, you can complete your Associate’s degree in 1 year and 6 months online as opposed to 2 years using the traditional route. Instead of taking 4-5 classes per semester, you take 2 classes per term, and a term might only last as little as 5 weeks.You need 60 semester credits or 90 quarter credits to obtain an Associate’s degree. On a traditional schedule, most people take 15 credits per semester. Usually, a semester lasts 15 weeks.This averages out to about 1 credit per week. On an accelerated schedule, students take 6 credits per term.et’s attempt to do the math: You need 60 semester credits or 90 quarter credits to obtain an Associate’s degree. On a traditional schedule, most people take 15 credits per semester.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Help looking for the name of a foreign horror movie !
25 of the Coolest Beaches in the World Geography & Travel25 of the Coolest Beaches in the World Posted by David Pegg, Updated on June 15, 2016Shares4k715 3.3k If you enjoyed our list of breathtaking Caribbean getaways then you are sure to be a fan of this one as well. While it can be hard to define what makes one beach better than another, we tried to include a wide variety in our list. With everything from red sand to black sand, from tropical to temperate these are the top 25 best beaches in the world.25Maya Bay, Thailand After Leonardo Di Caprio filmed The Beach here tourism skyrocketed as people flocked to catch a glimpse of its rare beauty.24Waikiki Beach, Hawaii As one of the most famous beaches in the world Waikiki can certainly get quite crowded, especially considering how short it is. In spite of that, however, it provides some amazing views of Diamond Head and Honolulu.23Surfer’s Paradise, Australia Known to locals as “Surfer’s” it should come as no surprise as to where this popular Queensland Beach got it’s name.22Negril, Jamaica Image Source As one of the largest and most well known beach resorts in Jamaica you’re sure to get your share of rest and relaxation as you take in the laid back atmosphere.21South Beach, Miami Starting out as little more than a coconut farm, this world famous beach is now known for its vibrant nightlife and has become a popular international tourist destination.« 1 2 3 4 5 »Lists Going Viral Right Now Sports & Entertainment25 Best Anime Of All Time That You Will Want To See Sports & Entertainment25 Best Movies Ever Made Geography & Travel25 Countries With The Highest Murder Rates In The World People & Politics25 Richest Celebrities With The Highest Net Worth Miscellaneous25 Extremely Easy Ways To Die That Will Make You Appreciate Life Animals25 Most Dangerous Dog Breeds People & Politics25 Of The Most Evil Serial Killers You Have Ever Known Bizarre25 Mind-boggling Examples Of The Mandela Effect Miscellaneous25 Of The Most Difficult Languages To Learn In The World Animals25 Of The World's Largest Dog Breeds20Copacabana Beach, Rio de Janeiro Also known as the “4km beach” this stretch of sand is not only famous for its numerous hotels and restaurants but it also plays host to the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup most years.19Natadola Beach, Fiji Image Source Located on the Fijian island of Viti Levu this white sand beach offers numerous activities including horse back riding, boogie boarding, and petanque.18Tenerife, Canary Islands With over 12 million visitors annually, this small island has not only some of the best beaches in the world but also the third largest volcano on Earth, Mt. Teide, which makes for some amazing views.17Langkawi, Malaysia Image Source Meaning “land of one’s wishes” this beach paradise was once reputed to be a notorious pirate hideout.16Cape Cod, Massachusetts With sparkling sand and blue water the “arm” of Massachusetts attracts thousands of visitors to its National Seashore. It’s also not that hard to get to the well known islands of Martha’s Vineyard or Nantucket from here.15Nungwi, Zanzibar Found near the north tip of Zanzibar this white sand beach off Africa’s east coast is dotted with fishing villages and is home to a diverse variety of marine life.14Aroa, Cook Islands Although it takes forever to get to this place, the scuba diving, fishing, and snorkeling make the journey well worth it.13Pink Sands Beach, Bahamas Famous for its mile long strip of pink sand, this uniquely colored beach is a popular getaway for those who want more nature and less of the tourist resort feel.12Whitehaven, Australia This 7 km stretch of beach on Whitsunday Island in Australia has been labeled one of the cleanest in the world. The sand here consists of 98% pure silica which also means it’s insanely white.1175 Mile Beach, Australia Running most of the length of Fraser Island this beach doubles as a highway/runway. Although it is extremely beautiful the currents are dangerous and the Tiger Sharks are plentiful so bathers beware!10Matira Point, Tahiti Found on the island of Bora Bora
PRO HOMOSEXUAL PASTOR JAY BAKKER DENIES JESUSâ ATONEMENT Pastor Jay Bakker, who co-founded Revolution Church in Phoenix, Ariz., in 1994, leads Revolution NYC services every Sunday afternoon at Pete’s Candy Store in the borough of Brooklyn. His previously published books include Son of a Preacher Man: My Search for Grace in the Shadows (2001) and Fall to Grace: A Revolution of God, Self & Society (2011).
Dermis Dermis Cross-section of human skin Cross section of skin under the microscope Details Part of Skin Identifiers Me SH D020405TA A16.0.00.010TH H3.12.00.1.03001FMA 70323Anatomical terminology [ edit on Wikidata]The dermis or corium is a layer of skin between the epidermis (with which it makes up the cutis) and subcutaneous tissues, that primarily consists of dense irregular connective tissue and cushions the body from stress and strain. It is divided into two layers, the superficial area adjacent to the epidermis called the papillary region and a deep thicker area known as the reticular dermis. [1] The dermis is tightly connected to the epidermis through a basement membrane. Structural components of the dermis are collagen, elastic fibers, and extrafibrillar matrix. [2] It also contains mechanoreceptors that provide the sense of touch and thermoreceptors that provide the sense of heat. In addition, hair follicles, sweat glands, sebaceous glands, apocrine glands, lymphatic vessels and blood vessels are present in the dermis. Those blood vessels provide nourishment and waste removal for both dermal and epidermal cells. Contents [ hide ]1 Structure2 Layers2.1 Papillary dermis2.2 Reticular dermis2.3 Dermal papillae3 See also4 References Structure [ edit]The dermis is composed of three major types of cells: [3] fibroblasts, macrophages, and adipocytes. Apart from these cells, the dermis is also composed of matrix components such as collagen (which provides strength ), elastin (which provides elasticity ), and extrafibrillar matrix, an extracellular gel-like substance primarily composed of glycosaminoglycans (most notably hyaluronan ), proteoglycans, and glycoproteins. [3]Layers [ edit]Illustration of dermal circulation and layers Papillary dermis [ edit]The papillary dermis is the uppermost layer of the dermis. It intertwines with the rete ridges of the epidermis and is composed of fine and loosely arranged collagen fibers. [2]The papillary region is composed of loose areolar connective tissue. This is named for its fingerlike projections called papillae, that extend toward the epidermis and contain either terminal networks of blood capillaries or tactile Meissner's corpuscles. [4]Reticular dermis [ edit]The reticular dermis is the lower layer of the dermis, found under the papillary dermis, composed of dense irregular connective tissue featuring densely packed collagen fibers. It is the primary location of dermal elastic fibers. [2]The reticular region is usually much thicker than the overlying papillary dermis. It receives its name from the dense concentration of collagenous, elastic, and reticular fibers that weave throughout it. These protein fibers give the dermis its properties of strength, extensibility, and elasticity. Within the reticular region are the roots of the hair, sebaceous glands, sweat glands, receptors, nails, and blood vessels. The orientation of collagen fibers within the reticular dermis creates lines of tension called Langer's lines, which are of some relevance in surgery and wound healing. [5]Dermal papillae [ edit]Dermal papillae Papilla of the hand, treated with acetic acid. Magnified 350 times. A. Side view of a papilla of the hand. a. Cortical layer. b. Tactile corpuscle. c. Small nerve of the papilla, with neurolemma. d. Its two nervous fibers running in spiral coils around the tactile corpuscle. e. Apparent termination of one of these fibers. B. Tactile papilla seen from above so as to show its transverse section. a. Cortical layer. b. Nerve fiber. c. Outer layer of the tactile body, with nuclei. d. Clear interior substance. Details Identifiers Latin papillae dermis Me SH D020405TA A16.0.00.010TH H3.12.00.1.03001FMA 70323Anatomical terminology [ edit on Wikidata]The dermal papillae (DP) (singular papilla, diminutive of Latin papula, 'pimple') are small, nipple-like extensions (or interdigitations) of the dermis into the epidermis. At the surface of the skin in hands and feet, they appear as epidermal or papillary ridges (colloquially known as fingerprints ). Blood vessels in the dermal papi
Holy Spirit in Christianity of the presence of the "ruach ha-kodesh" is the gift of prophecy. The use of the word "ruach" (Hebrew: "breath", or "wind") in the phrase "ruach ha-kodesh" seems to suggest that Judaic authorities believed the Holy Spirit was a kind of communication medium like the wind. The spirit talks sometimes with a masculine and sometimes with a feminine voice; the word "ruacḥ" is both masculine and feminine. The term Holy Spirit appears at least 90 times in the New Testament. The sacredness of the Holy Spirit to Christians is affirmed in all three Synoptic Gospels (, and ) which proclaim
How long does it take to learn to touch type? «back How long does it take to learn to touch type? Submitted by Meredith Cicerchia on Thu, 01/14/2016 - 08:05Have you ever met an individual who can type on a keyboard without looking down at his or her fingers? Perhaps it is a fellow student participating in a group discussion and typing up notes at the same time, or a co-worker sending out emails as you dictate the text. It might even be a friend creating an electronic to-do list to keep your afternoon on track. There is something impressive about the way touch-typing carries on at such a steady and even pace, allowing the typist to automatize their movements and focus on the words on the screen. It’s almost as though the keyboard becomes an extension of their fingers. Now compare this to the hunt-and-peck method. This is the term used to describe individuals who type one key at a time, their hands hovering over the computer as they search for letters in a haphazard fashion usually using only the index and second fingers of each hand. Typing is an important skill today in both academic and work environments. Nonetheless, while searching for individual letters is far more time-consuming and much less effective than touch-typing, more people hunt-and-peck than you might think. But you are never too old to learn how to touch type. And, it’s a skill worth mastering if you’re looking for a new career, embarking on a degree course or simply want to improve your computer skills. That’s because it doesn’t take that long to learn, there are plenty of online courses that teach typing and the benefits far outweigh the effort required of you. Learning touch-typing over the years The first man to touch type was Frank Edward Mc Gurrin, a court stenographer who held the title of “world’s fastest typist” in the late 1800s and taught people to touch type on the side. Touch-typing was originally developed to help people use the keyboard on a typewriter. In order to transcribe or copy from one sheet to the other, you needed to be able to keep your eyes on the original text. Plus, there were no delete keys on typewriters, so accuracy was important. In the 1950s, 60s, and 70s, typists were focused on improving their typing speed without sacrificing accuracy. Speed was measured in words per minute with the average word estimated at five keystrokes. Letters, spaces and punctuation all counted as a keystroke. An average typist could work at 50-80 wpm, while 80-95 wpm was considered a fast typing speed. With the advent of personal computers came computer science courses in which basic skills were taught, including typing. The placement of the correct fingers on the home row keys was a common starting point and letters were then introduced one at a time, with students practicing using specific fingers to reach each key and combining them into words and common letter sequences in English. How long does it take? It all depends. Today’s courses no longer require a computer lab. Often all you need is an Internet connection to get started. The amount of time required correlates with the amount of time and effort you put in, but at best you should be able to learn to touch type at 40 wpm in as short a period as two weeks. As you are learning how to develop muscle memory in your fingers, it might also take longer. How long it takes is less important than actually mastering the skill. Practice what you learn and get comfortable using touch vs. sight as your primary sense. Keep in mind that touch-typing can be slow in the beginning but you will gradually get faster and better the longer you stick with it. Eventually, you’ll find your fingers rest on the home row keys automatically. Sometimes, what takes the longest is just unlearning the hunt-and-peck habit or mastering common keyboard shortcuts. If you are looking for a way to speed things up, you can learn how to type high frequency vocabulary, such as words from the Dolch list which make up 50% of most English texts. Automatizing sequences of letters will make you faster and allow you to spend more time 
Are transactions verified in chronological order?
What weapons was carried by the anzac in WW1? Confidence votes 355. Each Anzac soldier was issued a standard .303 calibre Lee Enfield rifle. At Gallipoli they did not have proper bombs (grenades) so made their own out of jam tins and bits of barbed wire and stuff.They were also equipped with a bayonet (a long blade that was attached to the end of a rifle).Some also made crude clubs and stuff for hand-to-hand battles and trenchraids.t Gallipoli they did not have proper bombs (grenades) so made their own out of jam tins and bits of barbed wire and stuff. They were also equipped with a bayonet (a long blade that was attached to the end of a rifle). Some also made crude clubs and stuff for hand-to-hand battles and trenchraids.
The Crown (TV series) "The Crown" was praised for its acting, directing, writing, cinematography, production values, and the relatively accurate historical account of Queen Elizabeth's reign. It has received several accolades, including winning Best Actress and Best Actor at the 23rd Screen Actors Guild Awards for Foy and Lithgow, respectively, in addition to receiving a total of 26 nominations for its first two seasons at the Primetime Emmy Awards, including twice for Outstanding Drama Series. "The Crown" traces the life of Queen Elizabeth II from her wedding in 1947 through to the present day. The first season, in which Claire Foy portrays the Queen
Exchange Rates Exchange Rates Terms and Conditions All Bank of Canada exchange rates are indicative rates only, obtained from averages of aggregated price quotes from financial institutions. Please read our full Terms and Conditions for details. Daily Exchange Rates View the daily average exchange rates for 26 currencies. Published once each business day by 16:30 ET. Monthly Exchange Rates View the monthly average exchange rates for 26 currencies. Published on the last business day of the month by 16:30 ET. Annual Exchange Rates View the annual average exchange rates for 26 currencies. Published on the last business day of the year by 12:30 ET. Daily Exchange Rates Lookup Search and download exchange rate data for 26 currencies. Currency Converter Convert from Canadian dollars to 26 currencies based on daily exchange rates. Foreign Exchange Intervention Updated if and when the Bank intervenes in foreign exchange markets. Canadian Effective Exchange Rates The CEER index is a weighted average of bilateral exchange rates for the Canadian dollar against the currencies of Canada’s major trading partners. Exchange Rate RSS Feeds Subscribe to our feeds to get the latest exchange rate data. Historical Noon and Closing Rates Download our legacy noon and closing rates data. These rates were last updated 28 April 2017 using the Bank’s old calculation methodology, and will not be updated in future. Historical Canadian-Dollar Effective Exchange Rate Index Download our historical CERI data. These rates were last updated in January 2018, and will not be updated in future. The Canadian-Dollar Effective Exchange Rate index (CERI) was replaced by the Canadian Effective Exchange Rate index (CEER) as of January 2018. Exchange Rate Outlines the factors that influence the exchange rate and explains the role of the exchange rate in monetary policy. Calculation Methodology Describes the selection criteria, calculation methodology and publishing process for the new exchange rates, effective 1 March 2017. Foreign Exchange Rates Published by the Bank of Canada Background information about the publication of exchange rates on the Bank of Canada’s website. 
What do you think would be the worst thing that can happen if Trump is elected as president?
Eddie the Eagle's top three ski jumping tips Eddie the Eagle's top three ski jumping tips Britain's only ever Olympic ski jumper, Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards shares his top three tips on getting down the slope in one piece Video edited by Kat Hayes8:00AM GMT 04 Feb 2014Michael Edwards, otherwise known as 'Eddie the Eagle', won the hearts of the British public at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics by losing, rather spectacularly in the men's ski jump event. He came 23 metres behind the second-to-last jumper, but Mr Edwards still has some tips to share for those of us eager to get down the slopes in sporting style. "If you get into a good in run position, that's tip number one ... lean forward, chest over your knees and hands behind. "To find out the rest of Eddie's ski jump tips watch the video. Related Content The Jump, Channel 4, the final, review Jump more interesting than Sochi Can Eddie the Eagle jumpstart his dream? Downhill fast with the Telegraph bobsleigh team Skiing Telegraph TV »Sport »Harry Wallop »Winter Olympics »Kat Hayes »More Video Telegraph TVOther Sports Skiing Top Sports Galleries Supersized big fish In pics: 21 record breaking rod snappers reeled in by anglers 
Peer-to-peer Peer-to-peer (P2P) computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or work loads between peers. Peers are equally privileged, equipotent participants in the application. They are said to form a peer-to-peer network of nodes. Peers make a portion of their resources, such as processing power, disk storage or network bandwidth, directly available to other network participants, without the need for central coordination by servers or stable hosts.
This review was excellent and received a high rating of four stars.
Conversion disorder Conversion disorder Follow City-Data.com founder on our Forum or @Lech Mazur Photo by: Tramper2Definition Conversion disorder is defined by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , 4th Edition, Text Revision, also known as the DSM-IV-TR, as a mental disorder whose central feature is the appearance of symptoms affecting the patient's senses or voluntary movements that suggest a neurological or general medical disease or condition. Somatoform disorders are marked by persistent physical symptoms that cannot be fully explained by a medical condition, substance abuse, or other mental disorder, and seem to stem from psychological issues or conflicts. The DSM-IV-TR classifies conversion disorder as one of the somatoform disorders, first classified as a group of mental disorders by the DSM III in 1980. Other terms that are sometimes used for conversion disorder include pseudoneurologic syndrome, hysterical neurosis , and psychogenic disorder. Conversion disorder is a major reason for visits to primary care practitioners. One study of health care utilization estimates that 25–72% of office visits to primary care doctors involve psychological distress that takes the form of somatic (physical) symptoms. Another study estimates that at least 10% of all medical treatments and diagnostic services are ordered for patients with no evidence of organic disease. Conversion disorder carries a high economic price tag. Patients who convert their emotional problems into physical symptoms spend nine times as much for health care as people who do not somatosize; and 82% of adults with conversion disorder stop working because of their symptoms. The annual bill for conversion disorder in the United States comes to $20 billion, not counting absenteeism from work and disability payments. Description Conversion disorder has a complicated history that helps to explain the number of different names for it. Two eminent neurologists of the nineteenth century, Jean-Martin Charcot in Paris and Josef Breuer in Vienna were investigating what was then called hysteria, a disorder primarily affecting women (the term "hysteria" comes from the Greek word for uterus or womb). Women diagnosed with hysteria had frequent emotional outbursts and a variety of neurologic symptoms, including paralysis, fainting spells, convulsions, and temporary loss of sight or hearing. Pierre Janet (one of Charcot's students), and Breuer independently came to the same conclusion about the cause of hysteria—that it resulted from psychological trauma. Janet, in fact, coined the term "dissociation" to describe the altered state of consciousness experienced by many patients who were diagnosed with hysteria. The next stage in the study of conversion disorder was research into the causes of "combat neurosis" in World War I (1914-1918) and World War II (1939-1945). Many of the symptoms observed in "shell-shocked" soldiers were identical to those of "hysterical" women. Two of the techniques still used in the treatment of conversion disorder—hypnosis and narcotherapy—were introduced as therapies for combat veterans. The various terms used by successive editions of the DSM and the ICD (the European equivalent of DSM ) for conversion disorder reflect its association with hysteria and dissociation. The first edition of the DSM (1952) used the term "conversion reaction." DSM-II (1968) called the disorder "hysterical neurosis (conversion type)," DSM-III (1980), DSM-III-R (1987), and DSM-IV (1994) have all used the term "conversion disorder." ICD-10 refers to it as "dissociative (conversion) disorder. "DSM-IV-TR (2000) specifies six criteria for the diagnosis of conversion disorder. They are: The patient has one or more symptoms or deficits affecting the senses or voluntary movement that suggest a neurological or general medical disorder. The onset or worsening of the symptoms was preceded by conflicts or stressors in the patient's life. The symptom is not faked or produced intentionally. The symptom cannot be fully explained as the result of a general medical disor
Nigeria is a Federal Republic modelled after the United States, with executive power exercised by the president. It is influenced by the Westminster System model[citation needed] in the composition and management of the upper and lower houses of the bicameral legislature. The president presides as both Head of State and head of the national executive; the leader is elected by popular vote to a maximum of two 4-year terms. In the March 28, 2015 presidential election, General Muhammadu Buhari emerged victorious to become the Federal President of Nigeria, defeating then incumbent Goodluck Jonathan.
Poliomyelitis eradication in a series of nationwide polio campaigns. The early success of these mass vaccination campaigns suggested that polioviruses could be globally eradicated. The Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), under the leadership of Ciro de Quadros, launched an initiative to eradicate polio from the Americas in 1985. Much of the work towards eradication was documented by Brazilian photographer Sebastião Salgado, as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador, in the book "The End of Polio: Global Effort to End a Disease". In 1988, the World Health Organization, together with Rotary International, UNICEF, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention passed the Global
Caffeine Caffeine From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from Health effects of caffeine)navigation search This article is about the stimulant drug. For other uses, see Caffeine (disambiguation). Caffeine Clinical data Pronunciation / k æ ˈ f iː n, ˈ k æ f iː n /Synonyms Guaranine Methyltheobromine 1,3,7-Trimethylxanthine Theine AHFS / Drugs.com Monograph Pregnancy category AU: AUS: C (Risk not ruled out)Dependence liability Physical: low–moderate [1] [2] [3] [4]Psychological: low [5]Addiction liability Low [4] / none [1] [2] [3]Routes of administration By mouth, insufflation, enema, rectal, intravenous Drug class Stimulant ATC code N06BC01 ( WHO)Legal status Legal status In general: unscheduled Pharmacokinetic data Bioavailability 99% [7]Protein binding 25–36% [6]Metabolism Primary: CYP1A2 [6] Minor: CYP2E1, [6] CYP3A4, [6]CYP2C8, [6] CYP2C9 [6]Metabolites Paraxanthine (84%) Theobromine (12%) Theophylline (4%)Onset of action ~1 hour [7]Biological half-life Adults: 3–7 hours [6] Infants: 65–130 hours [6]Duration of action 3–4 hours [7]Excretion Urine (100%)Identifiers IUPAC name [show]CAS Number58-08-2Pub Chem CID2519IUPHAR/BPS407Drug Bank DB00201Chem Spider2424UNII3G6A5W338EKEGGD00528Ch EBICHEBI:27732Ch EMBLCHEMBL113PDB ligand CFF ( PDBe, RCSB PDB)ECHA Info Card 100.000.329Chemical and physical data Formula C 8 H 10 N 4 O 2Molar mass 194.19 g/mol3D model ( JSmol)Interactive image Density 1.23 g/cm 3Melting point 235 to 238 °C (455 to 460 °F) (anhydrous) [8] [9]SMILES [show]In Ch I [show]See also: data page Caffeine is a central nervous system (CNS) stimulant of the methylxanthineclass. [10] It is the world's most widely consumed psychoactive drug. Unlike many other psychoactive substances, it is legal and unregulated in nearly all parts of the world. There are several known mechanisms of action to explain the effects of caffeine. The most prominent is that it reversibly blocks the action of adenosine on its receptor and consequently prevents the onset of drowsiness induced by adenosine. Caffeine also stimulates certain portions of the autonomic nervous system. Caffeine is a bitter, white crystalline purine, a methylxanthine alkaloid, and is chemically related to the adenine and guanine bases of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and ribonucleic acid (RNA). It is found in the seeds, nuts, or leaves of a number of plants native to South America and East Asia and helps to protect them against predator insects and to prevent germination of nearby seeds. The most well known source of caffeine is the coffee bean, a misnomer for the seed of Coffea plants. Beverages containing caffeine are ingested to relieve or prevent drowsiness and to improve performance. To make these drinks, caffeine is extracted by steeping the plant product in water, a process called infusion. Caffeine-containing drinks, such as coffee, tea, and cola, are very popular; as of 2014, 85% of American adults consumed some form of caffeine daily, consuming 164 mg on average. [11]Caffeine can have both positive and negative health effects. It can treat and prevent the premature infant breathing disorders bronchopulmonary dysplasia of prematurity and apnea of prematurity. Caffeine citrate is on the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines. [12] It may confer a modest protective effect against some diseases, [13] including Parkinson's disease. [14] Some people experience sleep disruption or anxiety if they consume caffeine, but others show little disturbance. Evidence of a risk during pregnancy is equivocal; some authorities recommend that pregnant women limit consumption to the equivalent of two cups of coffee per day or less. [15] [16] Caffeine can produce a mild form of drug dependence – associated with withdrawal symptoms such as sleepiness, headache, and irritability – when an individual stops using caffeine after repeated daily intake. [1] [3] [5] Tolerance to the autonomic effects of increased blood pressure and heart rate, and increased urine output, develops with chronic use (i.e., these symptoms become less pronounced or do not occur following consiste
I would rate index futures, in particular the US index futures (e.g. the S&P 500 future) as the most liquid markets after the forex markets.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Muammar Muhammad Abu Minyar al-Gaddafi (Arabic: معمر محمد أبو منيار القذافي‎ Arabic pronunciation: [muʕamar al.qaðaːfiː]; /ˈmoʊ.əmɑːr ɡəˈdɑːfi/;  audio (help·info); c. 1942 – 20 October 2011), commonly known as Colonel Gaddafi,[b] was a Libyan revolutionary, politician, and political theorist. He governed Libya as Revolutionary Chairman of the Libyan Arab Republic from 1969 to 1977 and then as the "Brotherly Leader" of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1977 to 2011. Initially ideologically committed to Arab nationalism and Arab socialism, he came to rule according to his own Third International Theory before embracing Pan-Africanism and serving as Chairperson of the African Union from 2009 to 2010.
I think you're ignoring the fact that many wealthy English people owned land in Ireland. It wasn't just an imperative to keep it politically. People owned big chunks of it and didn't want their taxes, labour conditions, etc. changed by a new independent government.
What happened before the Big Bang happened?
This comment is not toxic.
Tenerife in May Below is the typical weather in Tenerife in May including day-time maximum and night-time minimum temperatures, monthly rainfall figures and the average number of daily hours of sunshine & daylight and sea temperature.he average maximum daytime temperature in Tenerife in May is a warm 24°C (75°F), while the average minimum night-time temperature is a comfortable 16°C (61°F).
- Best Answer - Chosen by Voting. A rough carpenter makes things like frames and supports - structures where fine measurements and looks are not so important. A finish carpenter makes things like cabinets and find furniture - things that call for more exact measurements and looks are generally more important. In some rare cases, where frames need precise measurement, framework could be considered as finish carpentry. The framework for a house would be considered rough carpentry - it will be covered by a wall anyway. The cabinets and furniture in the house would be considered finish carpentry. If you copy an answer from another italki page, please include the URL of the original page. Characters remaining: 2000.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Tattoos are not made from cells, they are composed of ink that is injected between your cells.  The ink stays put and your cells continue to renew themselves and die our around it.
The sentiment of this tweet is positive, suggesting that the content conveys happiness, approval, or satisfaction.
Yes, there's a constant system, but it's not an active process of "checking" like you think. When DNA is broken, nucleases that are floating around in the cell all the time recognize that DNA end. Ends are normally not present in cells that don't have broken DNA, because they are protected by telomeres. The nucleases chew back the ends of the exposed DNA, creating stretches of single stranded DNA. Those stretches of single stranded DNA are recognized by single stranded DNA binding proteins, like RPA1. These single stranded DNA binding proteins bind as multimers on the stretch of exposed single stranded DNA. DNA damage sensor proteins like ATR then recognize these multimers of RPA and bind them.  So all these things are normally floating around in the cell, but they only bind to very specific things (single stranded DNA, multimers of RPA) that aren't present in a cell with undamaged DNA.
It depends on the type of cancer in question. High fiber diets are thought to decrease the risk of colorectal cancer because they basically gently exfoliate the inside of your gut, and potentially cancerous cells get removed before they can become problems. Other foods (especially plants) give cells the nutrients they need to stay healthy and functional, prolonging each cell’s life and reducing the need for cell turn-over (cell division is one big place where the DNA mutations that add up to cancer can occur).  On the other side, some foods have components that can directly injure the DNA of individual cells, leading to the mutations that cause cancer, or they have components that are metabolized by your body into something that can injure DNA.
About RIAA Internship Program. The Recording Industry Association of America® (RIAA) is the trade organization that supports and promotes the creative and financial vitality of the major music companies. Its members comprise the most vibrant record industry in the world, investing in great artists to help them reach their potential and connect to their fans.
Page Content Day by Day weather log for Barcelona Weather in October. Daily Comment: Temperature 20° C around 68 F Sunny most of the day. Daily Comment: Temperature 20° C around 68 F Sunny most of the day. A little cloud after 16:00.
Monocyte Disorders Monocyte Disorders By Mary Territo, MD, Emeritus Professor of Medicine, Division of Hematology and Oncology, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLANOTE: This is the Consumer Version. DOCTORS: Click here for the Professional Version Monocytes are a type of white blood cell that fight certain infections and help other white blood cells remove dead or damaged tissues, destroy cancer cells, and regulate immunity against foreign substances. Monocytes are produced in the bone marrow and then enter the blood, where they account for about 1 to 10% of the circulating white blood cells (200 to 600 monocytes per microliter of blood). After a few hours in the blood, monocytes migrate to tissues (such as spleen, liver, lungs, and bone marrow tissue), where they mature into macrophages. Macrophages are the main scavenger cells of the immune system. Certain genetic abnormalities affect the function of monocytes and macrophages and cause buildup of fatty (lipid) debris within the cells. The resulting disorders are the lipid storage diseases (such as Gaucher disease and Niemann-Pick disease ). An increased number of monocytes in the blood (monocytosis) occurs in response to chronic infections, in autoimmune disorders, in blood disorders, and in certain cancers. An increase in the number of macrophages in parts of the body other than in the blood (such as the lungs, skin, and other organs) can occur in response to infections, sarcoidosis, and Langerhans cell histiocytosis. A low number of monocytes in the blood (monocytopenia) can be caused by anything that decreases the overall white blood cell count (see Neutropenia and see also Lymphocytopenia ), such as a bloodstream infection , chemotherapy, or a bone marrow disorder. People with certain skin infections and some people with human papillomavirus infection of the genitals can also have a low number of monocytes. Low or high numbers of monocytes do not usually cause symptoms. However, people may have symptoms of the disorder that caused the change in monocyte number. Diagnosis is by blood testing (complete blood count) done when a person has signs or symptoms of an infection or autoimmune disorder. Sometimes the condition is discovered by chance when a complete blood count is done during a routine physical or for the evaluation of another condition. Treatment for monocyte disorders depends on the cause. Mono MAC syndrome: complete absence of monocytes White Blood Cell Disorders Overview of White Blood Cell Disorders Basophilic Disorders Eosinophilic Disorders Lymphocytic Leukocytosis Lymphocytopenia Monocyte Disorders Neutropenia Neutrophilic Leukocytosis NOTE: This is the Consumer Version. DOCTORS: Click here for the Professional Version Lymphocytopenia Was This Page Helpful? Yes No Neutropenia 
"What is the meaning of ""raise the bar""?" raise the bar meaning |  raise the bar definition. The meaning of raise the bar is: The definition of raise the bar is: (verb) to set a higher standard for other people to follow. Example Sentences: The Olympic athlete plans to raise the bar by setting a new World Record for her sport.
Jay Peak (Vermont) From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedianavigation search Jay Peak Jay Peak in January, with an aerial tramway car visible to the right of the summit Highest point Elevation 3,862 ft (1,177 m) [1]Prominence 2,952 ft (900 m) [2]Listing #8 New England Fifty Finest #81 New England 100 Highest Coordinates 44°55′27″N 72°31′32″WCoordinates: 44°55′27″N 72°31′32″W [1]Geography Location Orleans County, Vermont Parent range Green Mountains Topo map USGS Jay Peak Climbing Easiest route maintained hiking trail Jay Peak is a mountain located about 5 mi. (8 km) south of the Canada–US border, in Jay and Westfield, Orleans County, Vermont, of which it is the highest point. Most of the mountain is in Jay State Forest. The mountain is named for the town of Jay in which much of the mountain except the peak area is located. The town of Jay, in turn, is named for the First Chief Justice of the United States and local landholder, John Jay. It is part of the northern Green Mountains. The mountain is flanked to the southwest by Big Jay, and to the north by North Jay Peak (3,438 ft / 1,048 m). The mountain is in the watershed of the Missisquoi River, which drains into Lake Champlain, thence into Canada 's Richelieu River, the Saint Lawrence River, and into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence. The south side of the mountain drains into Jay Brook, thence west into the Trout River and the Missisquoi River. The northwest side of the mountain drains into Black Falls Brook, and thence into the Trout River. The north and northeast sides of the mountain drain east into the Jay Branch of the Missisquoi River. Jay Peak is the northernmost major mountain crossed by the Long Trail, a 272-mile (438-km) hiking trail running the length of Vermont. The Jay Peak Resort is on the northeast side of Jay Peak. Contents [ hide ]1 History2 See also3 References4 External links History [ edit]On November 10, 1943, a Royal Canadian Air Force training plane crashed into the west side of the mountain near the top during a blinding snowfall killing one crew member. [3]In the mid 1950s brothers Ernest W. Gilpin and Wallace H. Gilpin, both state legislators and newspaper men, began and achieved their campaign to construct a highway over Jay Peak, to connect Troy to Montgomery,_Vermont. The Starr family of Troy donated portions of land for the right-of-way for the Vermont Route 242 construction. The peaks across the highway to the south are named for the brothers Gilpin, "Gilpin Mountain," a stone monument was dedicated to them and sits at the main entrance to the Jay Peak Resort at the highway. Jay Peak seen from Big Jay See also [ edit]List of mountains in Vermont New England Fifty Finest New England Hundred Highest Jay Peak Resort References [ edit]^ a b "Jay Peak". NGS data sheet. U. S. National Geodetic Survey. Retrieved 2013-01-29.^ "Jay Peak, Vermont". Peakbagger.com. Retrieved 2013-01-29.^ Wheeler, Scott (September 2008). "Military Airplane Slams into Jay Peak in 1943". Derb, Vermont: Northland Journal. pp. 26–30. External links [ edit]"Jay Peak". Geographic Names Information System. United States Geological Survey. [ hide]v t e Mountains of Vermont Green Mountains Presidential Range Lincoln Peak Mount Abraham Mount Grant Mount Wilson Others Big Jay Bolton Mountain Bread Loaf Mountain Bromley Mountain Camel's Hump Glastenbury Mountain Haystack Mountain Hogback Mountain Jay Peak Killington Peak Mendon Peak Mount Ellen Mount Mansfield Mount Snow Pico Peak Prospect Mountain Shrewsbury Peak Stratton Mountain Taconic Mountains Dorset Mountain Equinox Mountain Grass Mountain Mount Aeolus Snake Mountain White Rock Others Burke Mountain East Mountain Gile Mountain Gore Mountain Ludlow Mountain Monadnock Mountain Mount Ascutney Mount Ephraim Mount Hor Mount Horrid Mount Pisgah Mount Putnam Mount Tom Notre Dame Mountains Okemo Mountain Signal Mountain Terrible Mountain Categories: Mountains of Vermont Jay, Vermont New England Hundred Highest Landforms of Orleans County, Vermont 
we simply call any/all EM radiation whose wavelength is less than about 10 picometers "Gamma Radiation" and any EM radiation whose wavelength is longer than about 1mm or so. There is occasionally a distinction for EM waves whose wavelngths are in the millions of meters long.
Let's Fall to Pieces Together Let's Fall to Pieces Together "Let's Fall to Pieces Together" is a song written by Dickey Lee, Johnny Russell and Tommy Rocco, and recorded by American country singer George Strait. It was released in May 1984 as the third and final single from the album "Right or Wrong". The song was George Strait's fifth number one on the country chart. The narrator is a man who has lost the love of his life. He heads to the jukebox and while playing sad songs he notices another woman going through the same situation. He pitches the idea that maybe if they
We're not really sure, but I do remember reading a fairly-recent article postulating that this is actually a natural reflex to "rest" each nostril by cycling through times of being open and dry, and being moistened, but stuffed. Apparently it happens when you're not sick, too: you just don't have enough snot up there to stuff things up and notice.
The Crucible Section Navigation Home Study Guides The Crucible Character List The Crucibleby Arthur Miller Buy Study Guide The Crucible Character List John Proctor A farmer in Salem, Proctor serves as the voice of reason and justice in The Crucible. It is he who exposes the girls as frauds who are only pretending that there is witchcraft, and thus becomes the tragic hero of the tale. Proctor is a sharply intelligent man who can easily detect foolishness in others and expose it, but he questions his own moral sense. Because of his affair with Abigail Williams, Proctor questions whether or not he is a moral man, yet this past event is the only major flaw attributed to Proctor, who is in all other respects honorable and ethical. It is a sign of his morality that he does not feel himself adequate to place himself as a martyr for the cause of justice when he is given the choice to save himself at the end of the play. Elizabeth Proctor The wife of John Proctor, Elizabeth shares with John a similarly strict adherence to justice and moral principles She is a woman who has great confidence in her own morality and in the ability of a person to maintain a sense of righteousness, both internal and external, even when this principle conflicts with strict Christian doctrine. Although she is regarded as a woman of unimpeachable honesty, it is this reputation that causes her husband to be condemned when she lies about his affair with Abigail, thinking it will save him. However, Elizabeth can be a cold and demanding woman, whose chilly demeanor may have driven her husband to adultery and whose continual suspicions of her husband render their marriage tense. Abigail Williams A seventeen year-old girl who is the niece of Reverend Parris, Abigail was the Proctors' servant before Elizabeth fired her for having an affair with John. She is a malicious, vengeful girl who, in an attempt to protect herself from punishment after Reverend Parris finds them dancing, instigates the Salem witch trials and leads the charge of accusations. Despite her accusations, Abigail is an unabashed liar who charges witchcraft against those who oppose her, even Elizabeth Proctor in an attempt to take her place as Proctor's wife. Abigail's callous nature stems partially from past trauma; she is an orphan who watched as her parents were murdered by Indians. Deputy Governor Danforth The deputy governor of Massachusetts presides over the Salem witch trials. He is a stern yet practical man more interested in preserving the dignity and stature of the court than in executing justice or behaving with any sense of fairness. He approaches the witchcraft trials with a strict adherence to rules and law that obscure any sense of rationality, for under his legal dictates an accusation of witchery automatically entails a conviction. Danforth shows that his greatest interest is preserving the reputation of the court when he prompts Proctor to sign a confession, thus precluding the backlash of his execution. Reverend Samuel Parris A weak, paranoid and suspicious demagogue, Parris instigates the witchcraft panic when he finds his daughter and niece dancing in the woods with several other girls. Parris is continually beset with fears that others conspire against him. Parris knows the truth that Abigail is lying about the dancing and the witchcraft, but perpetuates the deception because it is in his own self interest. Parris fears any defense against the charges of witchcraft as an attack upon the court and a personal attack on him. As a pastor, his primary concern is personal aggrandizement - he strives for monetary compensation, including the deed to the preacher's house and expensive candlesticks. Reverend John Hale A scholar from Beverly, Reverend Hale comes to Salem on Reverend Parris' request to investigate supernatural causes for Betty Parris' suspicious illness and thus instigates the rumors of witchcraft. Hale approaches the situation precisely and intellectually, believing that he can define the supernatural in definitive terms. Despite his early enthusiasm for discerning th
Definitions &Translations Definitions for dry dock. Here are all the possible meanings and translations of the word dry dock. Princeton's WordNet(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: dry dock, drydock, graving dock(verb) a large dock from which water can be pumped out; used for building ships or for repairing a ship below its waterline.
Pregnancy Week 1 and 2 The last day before your next period would be Day 28 if you have the average 28-day menstrual cycle. Normal menstrual cycle length, in adolescent girls, is 21 to 45 days. Normal menstrual cycle length in adult women is from 21 to 35 days. During the first few years of menstruation, periods are often irregular. You may skip several months between your first period, or menarche, and the next time you menstruate.
Muffin the Mule in 2003, and a new 26-part animated version of "Muffin The Mule" was shown on BBC TV in September 2005. The new series was also translated into Welsh as "Myffin y Mul" and broadcast on S4C. Muffin the Mule Muffin the Mule is a puppet character in British television programmes for children. The puppet had been made in 1933 for Hogarth Puppets. The original TV programmes featuring the character were presented by Annette Mills, sister of John Mills, and broadcast live by the BBC from their studios at Alexandra Palace from 1946 to 1952. Mills and the puppet continued with
Men are more prone to taking up risky professions (solder, farmer, miner, policeman, fire fighter etc). Thus more die at a young age.
What Metabolizes Faster - Fat or Protein? Protein and Fat. Protein foods, such as meat or beans, are the next things your body metabolizes. The UCSB website says that the average metabolism rate for both is about 12 hours, but your body first uses the protein. Once all of those calories have been used, you begin to metabolize the fats.
Knuckle Pads Knuckle Pads Back Knuckle Pads Author: Cheryl J Barnes, MDChief Editor: Dirk M Elston, MDOverview Clinical Presentation Differential Diagnoses Workup Treatment & Management Medication Overview Background Pathophysiology Epidemiology Prognosis Clinical Presentation History Physical Causes Workup Laboratory Studies Procedures Histologic Findings Treatment & Management Medical Care Surgical Care Complications Background Knuckle pads are benign, asymptomatic, well-circumscribed, smooth, firm, skin-colored papules, nodules, or plaques, located in the skin over the dorsal aspects of the metacarpophalangeal (MCP) and interphalangeal (IP) joints. A history of repetitive trauma related to sports or occupation is often present. Garrod first described knuckle pads in the medical literature in 1893, [1] but knuckle pads have been observed since the Renaissance era. Allison et al shows a photo of Michelangelo's statue of David displaying knuckle pads (Florence, Italy) as well as his statue of Moses (Rome, Italy), Victory (Florence, Italy), and Giuliano de Medici (Rome, Italy). [2] The name knuckle pad seems to be a misnomer because in most reported cases, lesions occur over the proximal interphalangeal (PIP) joint, not over the knuckles. References Pathophysiology Knuckle pads may be idiopathic, genetic, acquired as a response to repetitive trauma, or associated with several other acquired conditions. References Epidemiology Frequency United States Knuckle pads are a common occurrence. Measurement of prevalence of knuckle pads is difficult because patients are asymptomatic and do not seek medical attention for them. International Knuckle pads were noted in about 9% of subjects in one survey. Patients with Dupuytren contracture are four times as likely as the general population to have knuckle pads. Race No racial predilection is associated with knuckle pads. Sex Prevalence of knuckle pads is equal for men and women. Even in the presence of Dupuytren contracture, the prevalence of knuckle pads remains equal. Age Knuckle pads can present at any age. They have been reported in young children who bite and suck their fingers. [3] More commonly, knuckle pads are observed in adults older than 40 years. References Prognosis Little morbidity is associated with knuckle pads. Patients typically are asymptomatic, but some patients experience pain and difficulty with hand functioning, including writing, as a result of their condition. Cosmetic issues drive most patients to seek attention for knuckle pads. Spontaneous resolution can occur, especially if an inciting repetitive injury is identified and eliminated. In most cases, knuckle pads persist indefinitely with little change. References History Most patients are asymptomatic. Firm skin-colored papules appear sequentially in multiple sites overlying the MCP and PIP joints of the hands. Individual lesions enlarge into well-defined plaques and nodules. Though complaints of pain or functional impairment of fine motor skills are rare, cosmetic concerns frequently are raised. A history of repetitive trauma often is elicited. References Physical Knuckle pads are well-circumscribed firm dermal papules, nodules, or plaques approximately 0.5-3 cm in size, located on the extensor aspect of the PIP or MCP joints. If subjected to repetitive injury, knuckle pads may develop over virtually any bony prominence, but the PIP joint area is affected most commonly. View Image Knuckle pad over the proximal interphalangeal joint. View Image Multiple knuckle pads on various joints of the hand. References Causes Most knuckle pads are idiopathic or are related to repetitive trauma. Work-related trauma with repeated motions or rubbing of the PIP joints or knuckles, as seen in live-chicken hangers in a poultry processing plant, [4] has been reported. Athletes, such as boxers, have been known to traumatize their knuckles and fingers in a repetitive fashion, causing knuckle pads. [5, 6] Surfers have developed "surfer's knots" from repeated friction between the surfboard and the body part exposed to the repeate
At the beginning of World War I, East Prussia became a theatre of war when the Russian Empire invaded the country. The Russian Army encountered at first little resistance because the bulk of the German Army had been directed towards the Western Front according to the Schlieffen Plan. Despite early success and the capture of the towns of Rastenburg and Gumbinnen, in the Battle of Tannenberg in 1914 and the Second Battle of the Masurian Lakes in 1915, the Russians were decisively defeated and forced to retreat. The Russians were followed by the German Army advancing into Russian territory.
Plutarch and Appian said Hannibal considered Pyrrhus the greatest commander the world had ever seen after Alexander, which isn't that big of a stretch at the time.  Keep in mind there weren't too many "greatest commanders" during this period to draw from, and Pyrrhus apparently wrote a text on waging war which was quite popular but lost to us. The fact is he defeated the Romans several times, even when outnumbered, subjugated most of Sicily, and was still called to fight all over Greece. He was obviously well respected in his time. The fact that he was unable to hold on to any of his conquests points to him as less than stellar governor, but on the battlefield he had quite a good record. He probably wouldn't rank up there now with another 2000 years of history to draw from, but back in those days he was by far one of the most respected generals to have lived in the area.
I'm not sure if this is what the OP meant to imply, but the limitations aren't being placed on specific channels, but are rather sweeping algorithm and policy changes that affect everything.  The two that seem to be causing the most grief are the switch from a per-view monetization plan to a per-minutes-watched monetization plan (although this happened a long time ago in internet standards) and the fact that their content-ID algorithm gives false flags to videos ALL THE GODDAMN TIME. When a video is flagged for copyright violation, the monetization is automatically disabled for that video. There have been cases of things like the *sound of rain* triggering the algorithm to flag a video for copyright infringement.  tl;dr a combination of seemingly benign policy change and bad automation [Super Bunnyhop has a great video on this.](_URL_0_) It's from 2013, but it's still incredibly relevant.
The Magic of Cream of Tartar: What It Is and How to Substitute But if you don’t have it in your pantry and your recipe calls for it, just substitute fresh lemon juice or white vinegar for the cream of tartar. For every 1/2 teaspoon of cream of tartar in the recipe, use 1 teaspoon lemon juice or white vinegar. As an example, if your cookie recipe calls for 1 teaspoon baking soda, add 2 teaspoons lemon juice instead of the cream of tartar. If your simple syrup recipe asks for 1/8 teaspoon cream of tartar, use 3-4 drops of lemon juice. And for the whipping egg whites? Add 1/2 teaspoon lemon juice per egg white.
What Makes Beer a Stout? In fact, Guinness doesn’t even have a high alcohol content. It’s the same as Bud Light, at 4.20%. Styles range from being dry and very alcoholic to hoppy with a low ABV. What really differentiates a stout from other beers styles is its standout, roasted flavor. This flavor comes from roasted barley, which is made by highly kilning barley grain that has not been malted.
Performance of the MPD experiment for the anisotropic flow measurement
Avatar: The Last Airbender Avatar : The Last Airbender ( Avatar : The Legend of Aang in some regions ) is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons ( referred to as `` books '' in each episode 's title card ) on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008 . Avatar : The Last Airbender is set in an Asiatic-like world in which some people are able to manipulate the classical elements by use of psychokinetic variants of Chinese martial arts , known as `` bending '' . The show combines the styles of anime and American cartoons , and relies on the imagery of various East Asian , Inuit , Southeast Asian , South Asian , and New World societies . Therefore , whether or not the series can be considered as an anime work is often discussed .   The series follows the adventures of protagonist twelve-year-old Aang and his friends , who must bring peace and unity to the world by ending the Fire Lord 's war against the other three nations .  The pilot episode first aired on February 21 , 2005 , and the series concluded with a widely praised two-hour episode on July 19 , 2008 .  The show is obtainable from various sources , including DVD , the iTunes Store , the Zune Marketplace , the Xbox Live Marketplace , the PlayStation Store , Netflix , Amazon Video , and the Nicktoons Network .   Throughout its run , Avatar : The Last Airbender was universally acclaimed by audiences and critics alike . Praises went to the art direction , humor , cultural references , characters , and themes . It was also commercially successful , garnering 5.6 million viewers on its best-rated showing and receiving high ratings in the Nicktoons lineup , even outside of its 6 - to 11-year-old demographic . The series has been nominated for and won awards from the Annie Awards , the Genesis Awards , a Primetime Emmy Award and a Peabody Award , among others . The first season 's success prompted Nickelodeon to order second and third seasons .   In other media , the series has spawned a critically panned , but financially successful , live-action film , titled The Last Airbender , directed by M. Night Shyamalan ; scaled action figures ; a trading card game ; three video games ; stuffed animals distributed by Paramount Parks and two Lego sets . An art book was also released in mid-2010 . A sequel series , The Legend of Korra , aired from 2012 to 2014 .
Cramp Skeletal muscles that cramp the most often are the calves, thighs, and arches of the foot, and are sometimes called a Charley horse or a corky. Such cramping is associated with strenuous physical activity and can be intensely painful; however, they can even occur while inactive and relaxed.
Camping Near Yosemite National Park Camping Near Yosemite National Park As one of California’s most popular natural attractions, Yosemite National Park draws more than 3.5 million guests each year. Many of these visitors choose to camp overnight, so the campgrounds inside the park fill quickly. If you are unable to book a campground inside Yosemite, there are several comfortable campgrounds just minutes form the park entrance. Yosemite-Mariposa KOAYosemite-Mariposa KOA is 23 miles from the entrance to the park, but unlike other nearby campgrounds, this one has a significant number of amenities. Kids can enjoy a working video arcade inside a train caboose on the campgrounds. Showers, drinking water, a swimming pool, playground, convenience store and catch-and-release fishing pond provide for other camping wants and needs. This KOA facility has more than 100 places to stay, including RV sites, tent sites and cabins; Frommers indicates there is a shared bathhouse for all campers to use. All guests can use the campground’s park shuttle to Yosemite. Yosemite-Mariposa KOA 6323 Highway 140 Midpines, Calif. 95345 209-966-2201 yosemitekoa.com High Sierra RV Park and Campground High Sierra RV Park and Campground welcomes campers of all types, from those who travel with large, comfortable trailers to visitors who want to pitch a tent along the river. All sites have full hook-ups, cable TV access and Wi-Fi Internet access. The pet-friendly campground offers hot showers, bathrooms with running water, on-site laundry, fishing, swimming and strong cell phone service. The campsites, many of which are on the river’s edge, have fire rings and picnic tables. The campground has both sunny and shaded sites. From the campground’s location on Highway 41, guests drive just 17 miles to the South Entrance Gate to Yosemite. High Sierra RV Park and Campground 40389 Highway 41 Oakhurst, Calif. 93644 559-683-7662 highsierrarv.com Summerdale Campground Summerdale Campground, which is part of Sierra National Forest, is just 1.5 miles south of a Yosemite park entrance. Summerdale accommodates RVs and trailers up to 40-feet-long, but all rigs must be backed in, and no hookups are provided. Each site has fire rings, grills and picnic tables, but no running water. The campground sits in a meadow full of wildflowers. Most of the sites are open, but some are shaded by a handful of cedar, fir and cottonwood trees. If you visit on the weekend, book your site early: Frommers indicates Summerdale fills by noon on most Fridays. Summerdale Campground Highway 41 Fish Camp, Calif. 93623 559-642-3212 recreation.gov/camping/Summerdale_Campground_Ca/r/campground Details.do?contract Code=NRSO&park Id=73745Indian Flat RV Park Indian Flat Campground is the closest campground to Yosemite along highway 140. The campground provides amenities, such as a gift shop, access to a nearby swimming pool, showers and full hookup RV sites. Indian Flat has 25 RV sites, 25 tent sites and two cabins. The cabins have private bathrooms, kitchenettes, two queen beds and a television. Indian Flat accepts pets for an additional fee. Indian Flat RV Park 9988 Highway 140 El Portal, Calif. 95318 209-379-2339 indianflatrvpark.com References Frommer's: Camping in Yosemite National Park National Park Service: Yosemite National Park Statistics Resources National Park Service: Yosemite National Park About the Author Nicole Harms has been writing professionally since 2006, specializing in real estate, finance and travel. When she's not writing, she enjoys traveling and has visited several countries, including Israel, Spain, France and Guam. Harms received a Bachelor of Science in Education from Maranatha Baptist Bible College. Leaf Group is a USA TODAY content partner providing general travel information. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Photo Credits Slider Credits Attribution: Diliff; License: GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2Attribution: Frank Kovalchek; License: Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic license Attribution: Diliff; License: GNU Free Documentation Licens
John Bonham John Henry Bonham (31 May 1948 – 25 September 1980) was an English musician and songwriter, best known as the drummer for the British rock band Led Zeppelin. Bonham was esteemed for his speed, power, fast bass-drumming, distinctive sound, and "feel" for the groove. He is considered one of the greatest rock drummers.
The Decline and Fall of Nokia The Decline and Fall of Nokia The Decline and Fall of Nokia is a company profile book detailing the collapse of the mobile phone company Nokia. The author is David J. Cord, an American expatriate living in Finland. The book covers the history of the company Nokia from 2006 to 2013, during the upheaval in the mobile device industry caused by newcomers Apple, Google and low-cost competitors. To a lesser extent it also covers Nokia Solutions and Networks, then a joint venture called Nokia Siemens Networks, during the same period. The main focus of the book is Nokia's decline in
How can I learn to create a website from scratch?
What is a Normal Respiratory Rate? For children from the age of one to five years old, normal respiration is 20 to 30 breaths per minute, while children who are from six to twelve years old should have a normal respiratory rate that ranges from 12 to 20 breaths per minute.
Sumer Sumer (/ˈsuːmər/) was one of the ancient civilizations and historical regions in southern Mesopotamia, modern-day southern Iraq, during the Chalcolithic and the Early Bronze ages.ruk, one of Sumer's largest cities, has been estimated to have had a population of 50,000-80,000 at its height; given the other cities in Sumer, and the large agricultural population, a rough estimate for Sumer's population might be 0.8million-1.5million.
I found this detail from Douglas E Campbell's book *U.S. Navy, U.S. Marine Corps and U.S. Coast Guard aircraft lost during World War II*:  > On 16 June, [*West Virginia*] was firing an assignment for the 1st Marines off southwestern Okinawa when her spotting plane, a Vought OS2U Kingfisher, took hits from Japanese anti-aircraft fire and headed down in flames, her pilot and observer bailing out over enemy-held territory. Within a short time, aided by *Putnam* (DD-757) and an LCI, *West Virginia* closed and blasted enemy guns in an attempt to rescue her plane crew who had "dug in for the day" to await the arrival of the rescuers. The attempt to recover her aircrew, however, was not successful. {note: I have also found this passage *verbatim* in Robert Martin's book on the *West Virginia*- I am not sure if Campbell plagiarized or the other way around} This [forum post](_URL_0_) has some more information on the plane, including the names of its crew and some clippings from period newspapers about the incident.
Which is the deadliest snake on earth?
What Materials are Used in Catalytic Converters? The catalyst used in the converter is mostly a precious metal such as platinum, palladium and rhodium. Platinum is used as a reduction catalyst and as an oxidation catalyst. Although platinum is a very active catalyst and widely used, it is very expensive and not suitable for all applications.
10 Largest Lakes in the World Lake Superior is considered to be the world’s largest freshwater lake by area, the 3rd largest such body by volume, and the 2nd largest lake of any kind by overall area in the world. It is also the largest amongst all of the North American Great Lakes, with a total surface area of 82,414 square kilometers.
- Patellofemoral pain syndrome is a common cause of pain on the inside of the knee. It occurs when the patella or kneecap rubs against the bone underneath creating friction and pain.Patellofemoral pain is usually known as a cause of pain at the front of the knee as well as sometimes on the outside of the knee.ess common causes of medial knee pain. Synovial plica is a fold in the synovial membrane which surrounds the knee joint and contains the lubricating synovial fluid. The fold is found along the inside of the knee cap causing symptoms of pain and discomfort and a sharp pain may be felt when squatting.
How should I choose the neighborhood structure for simulated annealing for my problem?
Shoulder Assessment & Diagnosis Shoulder Assessment & Diagnosis In order to thoroughly assess any injury, a sound knowledge of the anatomy of the area is required. This enables localised pain to be related to the surrounding structures and muscle injuries to be suspected from painful movements. Subjective assessment The following examples are for information purposes only. We highly recommend seeing a sports injury professional or Doctor to receive a full assessment of your injury. During a subjective assessment information is gathered regarding the history of the injury to allow the assessor to build a complete picture of the injury. The following questions may be asked: Have you suffered any previous injuries? This is usually asked to determine if any previous injury to the Shoulder may have an effect on the current injury. Make sure you mention every injury, even those to the neck, elbow and upper back, no matter how small, it may still be useful information to your practitioner. Do you currently take any medication? This is usually asked in case the practitioner prescribes or recommends other medication (e.g. anti-inflammatories). How did the injury happen? Try to describe with as much detail as you can exactly what happened at the time of the injury. If it happened as a result of a traumatic event (fall, twist, direct blow etc) try to explain in which direction your shoulder went, on which part you landed or the direction the force came from. If the injury has gradually developed try to explain when you first noticed it, what you were doing, if you have changed your activity level or training lately. Have you received any other treatment? The practitioner will want to know if you have taken any painkillers or anti-inflammatories, if you have applied ice or heat or worn a support etc. They will also want to know if you have seen any other professional about it (a Dr, physio, sports therapist etc) and what treatment they gave you. Describe the pain It is important that the practitioner knows:1. Exactly where the pain is 2. How severe the pain is (they may ask you to rate it 1-10) 3. If its constant or intermittent 4. If its a sharp pain, dull ache, throbbing pain etc 5. What activities/movement aggravate it 6. If the pain radiates (moves, or shoots) 7. If the pain is worse at certain times of the day Do you ever feel tingling, pins and needles or numbness? These symptoms can often (but not always) indicate involvement of one or more nerves Have you felt any other sensations? Such as clicking, grinding, locking, instability or giving way. Have you noticed any swelling or bruising? If time has passed between the injury first occurring and you seeing a specialist they would need to know if there was any swelling or bruising as this can indicate the severity of the injury. Objective or physical assessment This part of the assessment involves the practitioner looking at the shoulder itself, examining it and the joints above and below (elbow and neck/upper back). With shoulder injuries often what's known as scapulo-humeral rhythm is affected (how your shoulder blades move in relation to your arms), so your practitioner should also look for this. Observation and Palpation The practitioner will look at your shoulder, comparing it to the other side, for muscle definition, bony structures, colour, swelling, bruising etc. They will also palpate (feel) the muscles surrounding the shoulder and scapula for areas of tenderness and tension. They may also palpate the clavicle (collar bone) and scapula. Range of Motion They will next look at the movement available at the shoulder joint. Movements of Flexion (raising your arm in front) Extension (moving the arm backwards) Abduction (Moving the arm out to the side) Adduction (bringing the arm across the body) Internal and External Rotation should all be compared to the uninjured side. All of these movement should be assessed in both active and passive motion. Active is where the patient moves the body part themselves (pain on these movements suggests muscle injury), passive motion is whe
Itching After Exercising Minor Causes. Exercise increases the flow of blood to your skin, and this can result in itchiness. Sweat, dehydration, wearing tight clothing that prevents your skin from breathing and washing your workout attire in harsh detergents can cause itching. Intense exercise can also cause clogging of your sweat glands, resulting in an itchy heat rash.
Friction doesn't have much of an effect, it's the compression of the air below the craft that causes a huge amount of heat as the air particles are forced together.
Alexandra Burke From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia (Redirected from Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewan Burke)navigation search Alexandra Burke Burke in October 2011Born Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewen Burke 25 August 1988 (age 29)Islington, London, England Musical career Genres R&B pop soul Occupation (s)Singer songwriter actress Years active 2005–present Labels RCA Syco Epic Decca Website alexandraburkeofficial .com Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewen Burke (born 25 August 1988) [1] is an English singer, songwriter and actress. Burke rose to fame after winning the fifth series of British television series The X Factor in 2008, becoming one of the most successful winners of the series. She has been signed to Epic Records, RCA Records and Syco Music. After winning The X Factor, Burke released the winner's single " Hallelujah ", which became the European record holder for single sales over a period of 24 hours, selling 105,000 in one day, [2] and became the top-selling single of 2008 in the UK and the UK's Christmas 2008 number one. By January 2009, the single had sold over 1 million copies in the UK alone, a first for a British female soloist. [3] In 2009, Burke released her debut album, Overcome, which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and spawned four number-one singles on the UK Singles Chart and the Irish Singles Chart —"Hallelujah", " Bad Boys ", " All Night Long " and " Start Without You "—and the album became one of the most successful albums of that year in the UK. The singles released from the album earned her three BRIT Award nominations. The album saw the release of UK top 10 hit, " Broken Heels " and " The Silence ". [4] " Elephant " was released as Burke's comeback single in February 2012, and " Let It Go " served as the second single and Burke's second album, Heartbreak on Hold, was released in June 2012. [5]In June 2014, Burke replaced Beverley Knight in the lead role of Rachel Marron in the West End musical The Bodyguard, at the Adelphi Theatre, [6] touring with the production in 2015 and 2016. [7] In 2016, Burke commenced a 12-month residency in Sister Act The Musical, leading the cast as Deloris Van Cartier. [8]In August 2017, it was announced that she would be taking part in the entertainment show Strictly Come Dancing on the BBC. That same year, Burke signed a record deal with Universal Music Group 's Decca Records. Her third album, The Truth Is, will be released on 9 March 2018. Contents [ hide ]1 Life and career1.1 Early life and career beginnings1.2 2005–2009: The X Factor era1.3 2009–2010: Overcome, international breakthrough and All Night Long tour1.4 2010–2012: New record deal and Heartbreak on Hold1.5 2012–2014: Renegade, U. S. launch and other projects1.6 2014–2017: Musical theatre and Strictly Come Dancing1.7 2018–present: The Truth Is & Return to Musical Theatre2 Artistry2.1 Music and voice2.2 Influences3 Other ventures3.1 Fashion lines3.2 Reality television3.3 Philanthropy3.4 Endorsements4 Stage5 Discography6 Filmography6.1 Television7 Tours8 Awards and nominations9 References10 External links Life and career [ edit]Early life and career beginnings [ edit]Burke was born in Islington, London Alexandra Burke was born in Islington, London on 25 August 1988, daughter of David Burke (born 1954) and Melissa Bell (5 March 1964 – 28 August 2017). Her mother was a soul and R&B singer, and was a member of band Soul II Soul, who enjoyed success with several number-one singles and albums. She is of Dougla, Jamaican, and Irish descent. Although her mother was in a band, she was under investigation for suspected benefit fraud. [9]Her mother said that she had not done a professional gig for years, and had never claimed benefits when she had. [9] Burke has three other siblings, Sheneice, David, and Aaron. [10] Burke attracted the names Cecelia Ewen as they are also her mothers middle names, her sister, Sheneice also shares these names. [9] Burke said that she had to grow up very fast, at a very young age as her mother was always touring with her band and that she had to look after her young brother, which 
Ancient Egyptians were fond of the Nile (or Blue) Lotus. Whether or not it had any psychedelic effects is still being debated. Remembering that alcohol is a drug, it's a matter of historical record that the Egyptians brewed and consumed beer. [This source](_URL_2_) states that,  > There is evidence to suggest that blue lotus was historically, traditionally and effectively used to relieve pain, increase memory, increase circulation, promote sexual desire and create a feeling of euphoria and ecstasy, without the use of narcotics. Ancient Egypt was a highly sexually-charged society, as one can glean from their pictures, writings and religious beliefs. Blue lotus was used as a tonic much like ginseng, as a pain reliever akin to arnica, as a circulation stimulant richer than ginkgo biloba, and as a sexual stimulant more powerful than Viagra. [Here](_URL_0_) is a paper you might find interesting. Also, [I really enjoyed this paper](_URL_1_) as well.
If you will look up food poisoning you may decide that the time frame is wrong. Eating at Jack in the Box at night probably would not give you food poisoning during the night. If you acquired Salmonella during the day before your episode be glad it was not Salmonella typhosa, or another species. That can kill you without supportive therapy. You may have ingested a Salmonella routinely present on fowl which is not specialized into killing people. It did multiply in your GI tract but your body rejected it. Wash your hands often especially when handling poultry. There are other sources of food poisoning most of which can be prevented by frequent hand washing.
Galápagos Islands of Ecuador, the Galápagos National Park, and the Galápagos Marine Reserve. The principal language on the islands is Spanish. The islands have a population of slightly over 25,000. The first recorded visit to the islands happened by chance in 1535, when Fray Tomás de Berlanga, the Bishop of Panamá, was surprised with this undiscovered land during a voyage to Peru to arbitrate in a dispute between Francisco Pizarro and Diego de Almagro. De Berlanga eventually returned to the Spanish Empire and described the conditions of the islands and the animals that inhabited them. The group of islands was shown and
The Five(ish) Doctors Reboot The Five(ish) Doctors Reboot is a 2013 comedy spoof and homage to the British science fiction television programme "Doctor Who". It debuted on the BBC Red Button service after the broadcast of "The Day of the Doctor", the official 50th anniversary special. The programme was written and directed by Peter Davison, who stars alongside fellow former Doctor actors Sylvester McCoy, Colin Baker, and Paul McGann. It features appearances from more recent stars of the show David Tennant, Matt Smith, Jenna Coleman, and John Barrowman, as well as "Doctor Who" executive producer Steven Moffat, his predecessor Russell T Davies, and numerous others connected to the programme, all playing themselves in a more or less parodic manner.
The emotion expressed in this message is sadness.
Rain water already tends to collect itself pretty conveniently, in rivers among other places. We *do* collect water from these places. A bigger trick is getting enough water to a region that isn't getting its normal amount. If there's no rain, there's no rainwater to collect. Building a pipe system that can send water from anywhere to anywhere in massive amounts is difficult. Building it out in the ocean would not make this task easier or cheaper.
Biography Edit Andrea Naversen Biography Mini Bio (1)Andrea Naversen is a veteran newscaster, network television correspondent, newspaper reporter, magazine editor, author and actress. She is currently a news anchor at XETV Fox 6 News in San Diego, California. She also anchored at San Diego television stations KFMB and KUSI. Prior to that, Naversen was a reporter for CBS News in New York and Los Angeles, and a correspondent for ABC News in Los Angeles and London. Her assignments for national news shows including The CBS Evening News, The CBS Morning News, Sunday Morning, ABC's Good Morning America, World News Tonight and Nightline took her all over the United States, Europe and the Middle East. Naversen graduated cum laude from Miami University in Ohio with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English. She began her journalism career as a reporter for The Plain Dealer in Cleveland, covering everything from politics to the police beat. After freelancing for Time and Business Weeek magazines, she became associate editor of Pittsburgher magazine. Naversen's first television job was at WTAE-TV in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where she served as a general assignment reporter and headed the station's consumer investigative team. Naversen has had featured roles as an anchor and reporter in several television movies, including The Corpse Had a Familiar Face, Two Small Voices, Bloodhounds and Nightman. She appeared frequently in the television series Renegade. Naversen has also served as as a spokesperson and narrator in corporate videos. She has two books to her credit: Beautiful America's San Diego, co-authored with her brother, Ken, and San Diego Coming of Age, a Modern History.- IMDb Mini Biography By: Andrea Naversen See also Other Works | Publicity Listings | Official Sites | Contact Info Getting Started | Contributor Zone »Contribute to This Page Edit page Add resume 
How Much Does It Cost To Neuter A Cat Pets How Much Does It Cost To Neuter A Catby Vishal Sanjay5 years ago4.4k Views18SHARESShare Tweet Buckingham Confirms Unfortunate News These 100 Athletes Are Fit And Smoking Hot Drink This Before Bed, Watch Your Body Fat Melt Like Crazy Sponsored Content? Pet owners may have an interest to control the size of their cat families by neutering their males. In that case, it is important to know how much does it cost to neuter a cat. Most veterinary clinics and private vets will charge anywhere between $50 and $400. This depends on the vet, the area, and the types of services. For instance, a laser procedure may cost more than the traditional procedure. Popular Stories OMG Every Woman Must Try This Michelle's IQ Vs Melania's IQ Is Pretty Unnerving After Weeks Of Rumors, Joanna Gaines Comes Clean Celeb No-Bra-Day Caught On Camera These Pictures Have Not Been Edited Look Closer Drink This Before Bed, Watch Your Body Fat Melt Like Crazy These 100 Athletes Are Fit And Smoking Hot Buckingham Confirms Unfortunate News? Additionally, it is important to know before-hand whether the price your vet quotes includes hospitalization, antibiotics, and anesthesia charges. Moreover, you should also ask if the neutering procedure must be accompanied by other services such as immunization. Some animal welfare organizations may also offer free, low-cost, or highly subsidized neutering campaigns. Check with local animal shelters for any ongoing campaigns or running programs to reduce the cost of neutering your cat. Shelters and other concerned groups may also regularly conduct adopt-a-thons and during these events they will have vets on standby to offer low-cost neutering for your cat or offer vouchers for neutering discounts. What Is Neutering? Unless you have your mind set on breeding your cats, you need to have the males neutered. How much it costs to neuter a cat is nowhere near the amount it costs to feed and care for a litter of kittens. And if you are thinking of making a profit from the sale of kittens then you will probably learn the hard way that selling kittens is much harder than you might have thought. Anyway, neutering cats is simply the removal of the male cat’s testicles. This makes it impossible for the cat to mate and successfully breed with a female. Neutering is best done when the kitten is about 4 months old. This is just before they become sexually active and right after they have completed their immunizations and primary vaccinations. It is perfectly alright to neuter older cat s of any age. Why You Should Neuter Your Cat You are probably thinking it is cruel to remove your cat’s testicles and the cost of neutering a cat may not seem worth it. However, you need to consider the many benefits to you and to your beloved pet before turning down the chance to neuter it. First off, the cat will be healthier and face fewer risks of some diseases such as prostate cancer and the Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV). The procedure is painless and the cat may be on its feet an hour or two afterwards. Neutering your cat controls the cat population and results in fewer strays. Unneutered cats easily grow restless and cause a nuisance, especially when there is a female in the neighborhood that’s in heat. A neutered cat is more at ease hence it rarely gets into fight and does not have the strong urge to roam. This means it is less likely to get lost, get stuck on a tree, or get hit by a car. Unneutered male cats will always want to mark their territory and they do this by spraying powerfully and unpleasantly scented urine all over the place including in your house. When considering the cost of neutering a cat, factor in the decreased cost of feeding a neutered cat. They are more restful and have fewer metabolic processes and thus require fewer calories. That means less food intake and bigger savings for you. Want more stuff like this? Get the best viral stories straight into your inbox!Don't worry, we don't spam Previous article How Much Do Promoted Tweets Cost Next article How Much Does It Cost To D
- Clinical Hydration™:The moisture and emollient base in Blistex Lip Ointment hydrates and softens lip cells to alleviate cracking and seriously dry lips. It is so effective, it's clinically proven to elevate lip moisture, heal dry, chapped lips, and improve overall condition.omments about Blistex Medicated Lip Ointment, .21 oz : I can always count on Blistex to repair my chapped or dry lips. I find it much more effective than more costly, cosmetic brands. It gives a slight sheen and moist, healthy appearance to the lips.
"The file is not eligible for Reference Checking and was not processed" While submitting a paper to a journal of a famous publisher, the submission system added the following link in the top of my PDF file: "Click here to view linked References". When I clicked the link, I got to a page that says  "The file '[my-file].pdf' is not eligible for Reference Checking and was not processed."

How can I make my PDF file eligible for reference checking?
How to preserve ATCC bacterial strains for long time? Bacterial cultures can be preserved for long by suspending in glycerol broth and storing at -20 to -70 degree Celsius. The protocol as below: To 0.85 ml of bacterial culture, add 0.15 ml of sterile glycerol (sterilized by autoclave, final glycerol concentration : 15%, v/v).
- So House at the End of the Street by Lily Blake is a book based on a screenplay based on a story according to the inside cover. I wanted to see the movie but I didn't want to see it without reading the book first.
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is negative.
Kish (Sumer) Kish (Sumer) Kish (Sumerian: Kiš; transliteration: Kiš; cuneiform: ; Akkadian: kiššatu) was an ancient "tell" (hill city) of Sumer in Mesopotamia, considered to have been located near the modern Tell al-Uhaymir in the Babil Governorate of Iraq, east of Babylon and 80 km south of Baghdad. Kish was occupied from the Jemdet Nasr period (c. 3100 BC), gaining prominence as one of the pre-eminent powers in the region during the early dynastic period. The Sumerian king list states that Kish was the first city to have kings following the deluge, beginning with Jushur. Jushur's successor is called Kullassina-bel, but this
Types of Wind Tunnels Types of Wind Tunnels Glenn Research Center Aerodynamicists use wind tunnels to test models of proposed aircraft. In the tunnel, the engineer can carefully control the flow conditions which affect forces on the aircraft. By making careful measurements of the forces on the model, the engineer can predict the forces on the full scale aircraft. And by using special diagnostic techniques, the engineer can better understand and improve the performance of the aircraft. Wind tunnels are designed for a specific purpose and speed range. Therefore, there are many different types of wind tunnels and several different ways to classify wind tunnels. In this section of the website we shall present various types of wind tunnels and discuss some of the unique features of each type of tunnel. On the figure, we show several examples of wind tunnels and their designation. Let us consider the various ways that we classify wind tunnels. Details for the various types of wind tunnels are provided on separate web pages. Speed Regime Wind tunnels are often denoted by the speed in the test section relative to the speed of sound. The ratio of the air speed to the speed of sound is called the Mach number. Tunnels are classified as subsonic (M < .8) , transonic (.8 < M < 1.2) , supersonic (1.2 < M < 5.0), or hypersonic (M > 5.0) . The distinction by Mach number is caused by the realtive importance of compressibility efffects . For subsonic flows, we may neglect the effects of compressibility; for transonic and supersonic flows, compressibility effects must be considered. For hypersonic flows, we must make additional considerations for the chemical state of the gas. The scaling effects of the Mach number can be theoretically derived from the conservation of momentum of the air in the tunnel. Compressibility affects the design of the test section of a wind tunnel: for subsonic tunnels, the test section has the smallest cross-sectional area of the tunnel; for supersonic tunnels, the throat of the nozzle has the smallest area and the test section area is chosen to achieve a desired Mach number in the test section. Tunnel Geometry Wind tunnels are also designated by the geometry of the tunnel. A wind tunnel that is open on both ends and draws air from the room into the test section is called an open return tunnel. The tunnel at the lower right of the figure is an open return tunnel. A wind tunnel that is closed and re-circulates the air through the test section is called a closed return tunnel. The tunnel in the upper left of the figure is a closed return tunnel. A blowdown wind tunnel has a high pressure vessel upstream of the test section and a low pressure resevoir downstream of the test section. Blowdown tunnels are used for supersonic testing. For hypersonic testing, a variation of the blowdown tunnel called a shock tube is often used. Test times in a blowdown tunnel or shock tube are much less than in a continuous flow tunnel. NASA wind tunnels are often designated by the cross-sectional dimensions of the test section. The wind tunnel in the lower center of the figure is the NASA Glenn 10 x 10. whose test section is 10 foot high and 10 foot across. At the lower left is the NASA Ames 80 x 120, which is a full scale, low speed wind tunnel. Working Fluid Wind tunnels can be designated by the type of fluid that is used in the tunnel. For most low speed aircraft wind tunnel testing, air is moved through the tunnel. To visualize shock waves for high speed aircraft, or to study the flow around submarines or boats, water is used as the working fluid. A water tunnel is shown at the upper right of the figure. In some hypersonic facilities, nitrogen or helium has been used as the working fluid. Similarly, cryogenic nitrogen has been used for high Reynold's number testing of transonic flows. There are several wind tunnels around the world that are used to study ice build-up on aircraft parts. These icing tunnels include refigeration devices to cool the air in the tunnel and water spray devices to provide liquid droplets in the test sectio
The emotion expressed in this message is joy.
- Definition of Perpendicular Bisector. Perpendicular Bisector is a perpendicular line or a segment that passes through the midpoint of a line.
- The following two methods will show you how to deal with it. Anchoring cells (change cell reference to absolute) with pressing the F4 key. Mass anchoring cells (change cell reference to absolute) with Kutools for Excel. Click Kutools > Convert Refers. The Kutools for Excel's Convert Formula References utility helps you easily convert all formula references in bulk in selected range such as convert all relative to absolute at once in Excel.
What is Advising? What is Advising? Academic advising is one of the most important services you will receive while you are at the University of Cincinnati. The process of academic advising is a shared responsibility in which the student and the adviser work together to achieve a common goal. Academic advisers help students: 1  Understand the general education and program requirements.  Understand major requirements.
Ben Collins (racing driver) STIG." Richard Hammond, (who interviewed Collins) reacted, saying to him, "Nice T-shirt by the way." Collins admitted that he needs to "update that a bit", pointing to the word "AM", to which Hammond exclaimed, "Was." After hearing about some of what Collins had been doing for the film, Hammond remarked, "You should write a book." Collins joined the presenting staff of Channel 5's "Fifth Gear" in Series 18, participating in racing challenges on several occasions. He did not return to the cast for Series 19. Despite his removal from "Top Gear", Collins has subsequently appeared on the "Top Gear Live"
Some international railway services to Continental Europe were operated during the 20th century as boat trains, such as the Admiraal de Ruijter to Amsterdam and the Night Ferry to Paris and Brussels. The opening of the Channel Tunnel in 1994 connected London directly to the continental rail network, allowing Eurostar services to begin. Since 2007, high-speed trains link St. Pancras International with Lille, Paris, Brussels and European tourist destinations via the High Speed 1 rail link and the Channel Tunnel. The first high-speed domestic trains started in June 2009 linking Kent to London. There are plans for a second high speed line linking London to the Midlands, North West England, and Yorkshire.
- The proponents of the Inquisition (and, amazingly, apologists since the Inquisition ended in 1834), point to both Biblical and theological sources for its justification. The biblical passages most often quoted by the early Inquisitors were from Mosaic Law, in the Old Testament.
Basil Neven-Spence Liberal Party. He was knighted in 1945 and served as Lord Lieutenant of Shetland from 1952-1963. To the present day, Neven-Spence is the most recent MP for the Orkney and Shetland constituency to not be from either the Liberal Party or their successor party, the Liberal Democrats; as they have retained the seat ever since Grimond gained it at the 1950 general election. He once lived on the island of Uyea. Basil St. Clair Neven-Spence, Sir Basil's son, served in the Colonial Office following serving in World War II. Basil St. Clair committed suicide at the age of 22, after
Slack (2003) compares three groups that conducted biological research at Yale during overlapping periods between 1910 and 1970. Yale proved important as a site for this research. The leaders of these groups were Ross Granville Harrison, Grace E. Pickford, and G. Evelyn Hutchinson, and their members included both graduate students and more experienced scientists. All produced innovative research, including the opening of new subfields in embryology, endocrinology, and ecology, respectively, over a long period of time. Harrison's group is shown to have been a classic research school; Pickford's and Hutchinson's were not. Pickford's group was successful in spite of her lack of departmental or institutional position or power. Hutchinson and his graduate and postgraduate students were extremely productive, but in diverse areas of ecology rather than one focused area of research or the use of one set of research tools. Hutchinson's example shows that new models for research groups are needed, especially for those that include extensive field research.
LAVA Noun. 1. lava-rock that in its molten form (as magma) issues from volcanos; lava is what magma is called when it reaches the surface. aa-a dry form of lava resembling clinkers. pahoehoe-freely flowing lava. pillow lava-lava that hardened in rounded shapes suggestive of pillows; believed to result from underwater eruptions.
7 continents of the world 7 continents of the world The widely recognized all the 7 continents are listed by size below, from biggest to smallest. Asia includes 50 countries, and it is the most populated continent, the 60% of the total population of the Earth live here. Africa comprises 54 countries. It is the hottest continent and home of the world's largest desert, the Sahara, occupying the 25% of the total area of Africa. North America includes 23 countries led by the USA as the largest economy in the world. South America comprises 12 countries. Here is located the largest forest, the Amazon rainforest, which covers 30% of the South America total area. Antarctica is the coldest continent in the world, completely covered with ice. There are no permanent inhabitants, except of scientists maintaining research stations in Antarctica. Europe comprises 51 countries. It is the most developed economically continent with the European Union as the biggest economic and political union in the world. Australia includes 14 countries. It is the least populated continent after Antarctica, only 0.3% of the total Earth population live here. 
mailto mailto is a Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) scheme for email addresses.It is used to produce hyperlinks on websites that allow users to send an email to a specific address without first having to copy it and enter it into an email client.It was originally defined in Request for Comments (RFC) 2368, published in July 1998, and refined in RFC 6068, published in October 2010.t is used to produce hyperlinks on websites that allow users to send an email to a specific address without first having to copy it and enter it into an email client. It was originally defined in Request for Comments (RFC) 2368, published in July 1998, and refined in RFC 6068, published in October 2010.
. Select An Article Stomatitis Stomatitis is inflammation or ulcers in the mouth, sometimes called dental stomatitis or denture stomatitis. The mucous membranes lining the mouth get inflamed and sore, which can make it uncomfortable to speak, eat or sleep. This condition can occur anywhere within the mouth, including the inside of the cheeks, gums, tongue, lips and palate. The condition does not get passed on to other people. Who gets stomatitis? Wearing dentures or braces can increase the chances of getting stomatitis as these may cause irritation. It is also more common in people with some medical conditions, including diabetes, and people taking steroids or antibiotics. Symptoms of stomatitis Symptoms can include: Mouth ulcers, often inside the cheeks, on the tongue or inside the lips. Cold sores or blisters caused by the herpes virus, often around the lips. Mouth irritation. Causes of stomatitis Causes include: Biting the cheek, tongue or lip Wearing braces, using dentures, or a sharp broken tooth. Chewing tobacco Burning the inside of the mouth with hot food or drink Gum disease (gingivitis)Mouth infections Sensitivity to some foods or ingredients Sensitivity to some medication Having some autoimmune conditions, including lupus, Crohn's disease or Behcet's disease Radiotherapy cancer treatment. Treatment for stomatitis The main treatment for stomatitis is good oral hygiene – brushing the teeth twice a day and other things your dentist may recommend, such as flossing or mouthwash. If dentures or braces are causing problems, see your dentist. Better cleaning may be needed or adjustments may need to be made. Medicated lozenges may be recommended to treat stomatitis if other measures haven’t helped. Painkillers may help with discomfort and swelling. Home care tips include: Avoiding food or drink that's too hot and possible trigger foods – such as spicy food or citrus drinks. Gargling, salt water rinses or use of special mouthwashes may help with discomfort. Gels are available for mouth ulcers, including age-appropriate ones for children. Seek medical advice if stomatitis problems keep coming back – there may be an underlying medical cause or nutritional deficiency, such as a lack of folate or vitamin B12. Over the counter treatments are available for cold sores, often containing an antiviral agent such as aciclovir . Oral antiviral tablets may be prescribed by a doctor in some cases. Further reading: Slideshow: Most common problems in your mouth Mouth ulcers: Symptoms, treatment and prevention Choline Salicylate How stress affects your oral health Oral side effects of medications Sore tongue or bumps on the tongue Tea tree oil See all Mouth ulcers topics Next Article: Web MD Medical Reference View Article Sources Medically Reviewed by Dr Rob Hicks on October 20, 2016© 2016 Web MD, LLC. All rights reserved. 
Favorite Reunion Show
You decompose when bacteria and fungi start eating your cells and reproducing. While you're alive, your immune system is active, and kills all of the foreign invaders that would like to eat your cells for lunch. And this is happening *all the time*. When you get sick, that's just when your body comes across some new type of pathogen that it hasn't encountered and has poor defenses against. But your immune system is stopping bacteria, viruses, and fungi non-stop 24/7.
Financial endowment Endowed professorships. An endowed professorship (or endowed chair) is a position permanently paid for with the revenue from an endowment fund specifically set up for that purpose. Typically, the position is designated to be in a certain department. The donor might be allowed to name the position. Endowed professorships aid the university by providing a faculty member who does not have to be paid entirely out of the operating budget, allowing the university to either reduce its student-to-faculty ratio, a statistic used for college rankings and other institutional evaluations, and/or direct money that would otherwise have been spent on salaries toward other university needs.
How do I ask longer questions on Quora?
Mining runoff mostly. Gold in particular. Once it gets in the food chain it is carried up the chain because it is not soluble and can’t be expressed out and builds up the the tissues. So bottom dwellers eat small animals, they get eaten by larger fish, etc. until the fish all the way up the chain contain mercury and other heavy metals. Obviously much more complicated than this but this covers the basics.
Names of the days of the week which is mainly based on a medieval version of Spanish, the five days of Monday–Friday closely follow the Spanish names. Sunday uses the Arabic name, which is based on numbering, because a Jewish language was not likely to adapt a name based on "Lord's Day" for Sunday. As in Spanish, the Ladino name for Saturday is based on "Sabbath". However, as a Jewish language—and with Saturday being the actual day of rest in the Jewish community—Ladino directly adapted the Hebrew name, "Shabbat". From Latin "Dominicus (Dominica)" or Greek Κυριακή (Christian Sabbath) After No Work. In Russian also "Day After Week(end)"
Baileys Irish Cream name was granted permission by John Chesterman after Gilbeys asked to use the name from a restaurant that John Chesterman owned. The fictional "R.A. Bailey" signature was inspired by the Bailey's Hotel in London, though the registered trademark omits the apostrophe. Baileys is produced in Dublin and Mallusk (Northern Ireland). Cream and Irish whiskey from various distilleries are homogenized to form an emulsion with the aid of an emulsifier containing refined vegetable oil. The process prevents separation of the alcohol and cream during storage. Baileys contains a proprietary cocoa extract recipe giving Baileys its chocolate character and essence. The quantity
. Blue Bloods Cast Bridget Moynahan Erin Reagan Boyle Donnie Wahlberg Danny Reagan Len Cariou Henry Reagan Marisa Ramirez Maria Baez Sami Gayle Nicole Reagan Boyle Tom Selleck Frank Reagan Vanessa Ray Eddie Janko Will Estes Jamie Reagan 
The sentiment of this tweet is negative, indicating that the content expresses dissatisfaction or disapproval.
After Mary continued in the "blood of her purifying" another 33 days for a total of 40 days, she brought her burnt offering and sin offering to the Temple in Jerusalem,[Luke 2:22] so the priest could make atonement for her sins, being cleansed from her blood.[Leviticus 12:1-8] They also presented Jesus –  "As it is written in the law of the Lord, Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord" (Luke 2:23other verses). After the prophecies of Simeon and the prophetess Anna in Luke 2:25-38 concluded, Joseph and Mary took Jesus and "returned into Galilee, to their own city Nazareth".[Luke 2:39]
Bee Gees backing vocals. Barry also wrote the title song to the film version of the Broadway musical "Grease" for Frankie Valli to perform, which went to No. 1. The Bee Gees' younger brother Andy now followed his older siblings into a music career and enjoyed considerable success. Produced by Barry, Andy Gibb's first three singles all topped the US charts. The Bee Gees also co-starred with Peter Frampton in Robert Stigwood's film "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" (1978), loosely inspired by the classic 1967 album by The Beatles. The movie had been heavily promoted prior to release and was expected
- Definition of honesty. plural. honesties. 1 obsolete : chastity. 2a : fairness and straightforwardness of conduct calling for honesty in politicsb : adherence to the facts : sincerity doubted the honesty of the witness.
Fluorouracil Fluorouracil (flure oh YOOR a sil)Trade Name: Adrucil ® , Other Names: 5-fluorouracil , 5-FUFluorouracil is the generic name for the trade name drug Adrucil®. In some cases, health care professionals may use the trade name Adrucil® when referring to the generic drug name fluorouracil. Drug type: Fluorouracil is an anti-cancer ("antineoplastic" or "cytotoxic") chemotherapy drug. Fluorouracil is classified as an "antimetabolite." (For more detail, see "How Fluorouracil Works" section below). What Fluorouracil Is Used For: Colon and rectal cancer Anal Breast cancer Gastrointestinal cancers including: anal, esophageal, pancreas and gastric (stomach)Head and neck cancer Unknown primary (squamous cell)Neuroendocrine tumors Thymic cancers Cervical cancer Bladder cancer Hepatobiliary cancers Topical use (cream or solution) in basal cell cancer of the skin and actinic keratoses (-see document Fluorouracil ( cream ))Note: If a drug has been approved for one use, physicians may elect to use this same drug for other problems if they believe it may be helpful. How Fluorouracil Is Given: As an injection into the vein (intravenous or IV), or as an infusion. The amount of time and schedule of infusion varies depending on a specific protocol, it may be given over several hours to several weeks. As a topical ointment, a thin coating is applied to the affected skin lesions twice a day, treatment may continue over several weeks. (see document Fluorouracil (cream) ). The amount of Fluorouracil that you will receive depends on many factors, including your height and weight, your general health or other health problems, and the type of cancer or condition being treated. Your doctor will determine your dose and schedule. Side Effects: Important things to remember about the side effects of Fluorouracil: Most people do not experience all of the side effects of Fluorouracil listed. Fluorouracil side effects are often predictable in terms of their onset duration and severity. Fluorouracil side effects will improve after therapy is complete Fluorouracil side effects may be quite manageable. There are many options to minimize or prevent the side effects of Fluorouracil. The following side effects are common (occurring in greater than 30%) for patients taking Fluorouracil: Diarrhea Nausea and possible occasional vomiting Mouth sores Poor appetite Watery eyes, sensitivity to light (photophobia)Taste changes, metallic taste in mouth during infusion Discoloration along vein through which the medication is given Low blood counts Your white and red blood cells and platelets may temporarily decrease. This can put you at increased risk for infection, anemia and/or bleeding. Nadir: Meaning low point, n adir is the point in time between chemotherapy cycles in which you experience low blood counts. Onset: 7-10 days Nadir: 9-14 days Recovery: 21-28 days These side effects are less common side effects (occurring in about 10-29%) of patients receiving Fluorouracil: Skin reactions : Dry, cracking, peeling skin. Darkening of the skin (hyperpigmentation), darkening of the skin where previous radiation treatment has been given (radiation recall). Hair thinning Nail changes - discoloration, loss of nails (rare) (see skin reactions). Hand -foot syndrome (Palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia or PPE) -skin rash, swelling, redness, pain and/or peeling of the skin on the palms of hands and soles of feet. Usually mild, starting 5-6 weeks after start of treatment. May require reductions in the dose of the medication. Serious adverse reactions to Fluorouracil are; chest pain, EKG changes and increases in cardiac enzymes - which may indicate problems with the heart (see Cardiovascular events ). These symptoms are very rare but increased for patients with a prior history of heart disease. Not all side effects are listed above. Some that are rare--occurring in less than 10% of patients-- are not listed here. However, you should always inform your health care provider if you experience any unusual symptoms. When to contact your doctor or health care provider: Contact you
Well, the most obvious change is from [hand tapped- or poked- tattoos](_URL_12_) to the use of a modern machine. Cut tattoos, referenced in the same entry, are a bit hit-and-miss (it's tricky to cut to the right depth and get the ink to stay put-blood washes it out-although see the link to Otzi below). As to the earliest evidence, here's a couple of tattooed ancients- [Otzi, tattooed with charcoal 5300 years old](_URL_10_) and the [Ice Princess, 2500 years old](_URL_11_)
Vodafone: How to check 2G/3G/4G data balance & validity Vodafone: How to check 2G/3G/4G data balance & validity Posted on Aug 19 2016 - 9:33pm by Jay B « PREVIOUS | NEXT »Blog » Telecom » Vodafone » Vodafone: How to check 2G/3G/4G data balance & validity Categorized as Telecom Vodafone87048Tagged as Check Vodafone Balance Vodafone 2G Balance Vodafone 3G Balance Related New freedom plan launched by BSNL at Rs. 136BSNL giving double data benefit across India Long data benefit packs launched by Idea Cellular Jio to extend its welcome offer till March 2107International roaming pack introduced by Airtel at Rs. 1199Find information all important Vodafone USSD / shortcodes / SMS codes to check your 2G/3G Internet Data usage balance, data validity, GPRS balance for both Prepaid and Postpaid connections. These codes are valid for Assam and North East circles, but may work in other telecom circles also. Vodafone Balance Check Codes Usage Keyword Check 2G/3G Balance *111# (Then follow instructions) or *111*5#Check 2G/3G Balance SMS 'DATA BAL' to 144Main Menu *111# Option 1 - Bill Details Option 2 - Talk Plan Option 3 - VAS and Services Option 5 - Internet Plan Details Option 6 - Voice, SMS and Roaming Packs Option 7 - Bill Pay / Recharge Check Main Balance & Validity *141#Check Free seconds and SMS balance *142#For Paper Recharge *140*16 Digit Secret Code#Best Deals Dial 121Deactivate VAS services (except Vodafone flash and suspended services) SMS STOP to 321Activate VAS services (except Vodafone flash) SMS START to 321Check the Last 5 Transactions SMS FIVE to 111Get GPRS settings SMS ALL to 111Deactivate the VAS Service Call 111 Press 4 option Check bonus card details BC Bonus card denomination to 111Balance Transfer Dial *130# Option 1: Balance Transfer Option 2: Balance Request Option 3: Call me back Service Option 4: Chota Credit Service Call Balance *145#Minutes Balance *148#3G Balance Check *111*5*2#Night GPRS Balance *123*8#If any options are incorrect or not working, or if there is any update in the codes, please post them here. About the Author Jay BJay B is a tech enthusiast with a passion for gadgets and latest technology.71 Comments so far. Feel free to join this conversation Jonik Kerketta September 23, 2017 at 12:27 pm - Reply Vodafone sucks. they blocked all my services even they charged me Rs.250/- now they are saying Rs.750/- F…. as…..ole telecom ever i saw. no customer care helping even 9911919293, 9540727272, 9540717171 these no. person saying we can’t do anything. Even govt. issued me adhaar card at same address but they are not verifying me. Its being two weeks i am suffering no help from them. My no. 9891099693 … I guess they have to shut. Because they are not porting again to Airtel or any other network. Careertipspoint.com September 16, 2017 at 10:13 pm - Reply Thank You for your Valuable Post. Jonik Kerketta September 23, 2017 at 12:21 pm - Reply Vodafone sucks, its being two weeks my number services off. even they charge me. Rs.250/- and with Adhaar card they are not going to link. if it is. then why govt. issue me adhaar card. even govt. sucks too. my no. 9891099693Sannake August 1, 2016 at 5:31 pm - Reply Is there sms facility to transfer money to either recharged for 3g, special tarriff plan etc from talktime balance. MTNL has got this facility. Vinay Gokhale July 22, 2016 at 5:23 pm - Reply Thank you so much for your valuable guidance. Thank you so much. Greetings & Regards !Rahul Nigam June 15, 2016 at 6:20 pm - Reply Dial – *111*6*2#valid on (15th june 2016)dolly June 11, 2016 at 3:41 am - Reply Thanks for your support. These check codes helped me alot.neeraj March 23, 2016 at 1:19 am - Replydoes anybody know how can i divert incoming calls to my voicemail in case my phone is switched off…?? ?sukumar March 22, 2016 at 7:54 pm - Replysend sms after finish 50% in interval of every 10% used (at 60%,70%,80% etc) ,,coz it will help to no lost in trading time due net connection fail Devidas Shambharkar March 10, 2016 at 3:49 pm - Reply Nice Knowledge best……………….. PUSHKAR SINGH February 2, 2016 at 3:22 pm -
Caroline Cossey appeared as an extra in 'For your eyes only' MOST RECENTCaroline Cossey appeared as an extra in 'For your eyes only'Caroline Cossey appeared as an extra in 'For your eyes only'Caroline Cossey famousely appeared as an extra in the James Bond movie 'For your eyes only' in 1981. Bachelor in Paradise's Nina admits she... Read More0:12min Father finds deadly snake hiding in his... Read More3:00min Eden apologises for hurting Nina on... Read More0:15min Approach to Nice airport is voted one of... Read More0:26min'No sentence would be long enough':... Read More0:25min Ronda Rousey recalls her father's... Read More0:20min Travellers vote approach to Irish... Read More1:13min Actor Moses Mahgoub plays a patient in... Read More0:20min Andrew Neil: 1 in 5 Scottish children... Read More0:30min Lisa Hyde is furious with Luke Mcleod on... Read More0:29min Tristan seen at hotel with brunette days... Read More2:06min Dramatic moment cruise ship crashes into... Read More1:32min Michael Turnbull breaks down in tears... Read More0:21min Keira Maguire friend-zones Jarrod... Read More0:24min Kylie Minogue reveals how she's... Read More0:16min Moment Russian reporter breaks into... Read More0:38min Famous Russian actor jailed for killing... Read More0:26min Lydia Bright makes shock confession... Read More2:32min Cute Italian greyhound walks on hind... Read More0:15min Russia launches millions of pounds worth... Read More1:23min Shirtless Calum Best shows off his... Read More0:35min Suzy Wengel presents you her 'Scandi... Read More2:44min New Zealand PM: 'I don't know where F... Read More0:28min Dustin Lance Black defends 'different... Read More0:31min Sophie Monk dances as she celebrates her... Read More0:15min Shocking CCTV shows knife-holding man... Read More1:10min Moment extreme athletes perform... Read More2:52min James Stunt seen giving wad of cash to... Read More0:28min Mother of seven claims her family with... Read More0:30min Heart-warming moment fast food worker... Read More0:57min Thai police charge Frenchman with rape... Read More1:31min Taxi driver saves girl who runs in the... Read More0:56min1 2 3 4NEWS'No sentence would be long enough':... Read More0:25min Andrew Neil: 1 in 5 Scottish children... Read More0:30min Father finds deadly snake hiding in his... Read More3:00min Dramatic moment cruise ship crashes into... Read More1:32min Ronda Rousey recalls her father's... Read More0:20min Moment Russian reporter breaks into... Read More0:38min Actor Moses Mahgoub plays a patient in... Read More0:20min Famous Russian actor jailed for killing... Read More0:26min Cute Italian greyhound walks on hind... Read More0:15min Moment extreme athletes perform... Read More2:52min New Zealand PM: 'I don't know where F... Read More0:28min Mother of seven claims her family with... Read More0:30min Russia launches millions of pounds worth... Read More1:23min Thai police charge Frenchman with rape... Read More1:31min Suzy Wengel presents you her 'Scandi... Read More2:44min Shocking CCTV shows knife-holding man... Read More1:10min James Stunt seen giving wad of cash to... Read More0:28min Police on the scene few hours after... Read More1:21min Heart-warming moment fast food worker... Read More0:57min Drug dealer sneaks into hospital to... Read More0:52min Taxi driver saves girl who runs in the... Read More0:56min Charlie Brooks says her and ex are still... Read More0:40min Moments after Algerian military plane... Read More0:10min A group of Indigenous protesters block... Read More0:33min NZ netball captain breaks down after... Read More0:27min12-year-old Manchester victim thrilled... Read More0:26min Amber Rose stuns fans flaunting her... Read More2:20min Woman steals a car and drives away with... Read More0:45min Blair on Syria crisis: 'You're giving... Read More0:29min Leigh Sales apologies to Malcolm... Read More0:15min Moment Chinese man caught carrying 6... Read More0:38min Doctor complains about mosquitos on... Read More0:54min1 2 3 4FEMAILDustin Lance Black defends 'different... Read More0:31min Expert reveals how to save mone
What is the best online way to sell mattresses?
The sentiment expressed in this movie review is positive.
Is kerosene the same as lighter fluid? In some countries old kerosene is used for charcoal lighter. In the US, charcoal lighter fluid is usually Naphtha or a mix of Naphtha and kerosene. Some people use kerosene thinned with alcohol to make is easier to light and faster to burn. -Mark.
Oliver Cromwell Oliver Cromwell Oliver Cromwell (25 April 15993 September 1658) was an English military and political leader. He served as Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 1653 until his death, acting simultaneously as head of state and head of government of the new republic. Cromwell was born into the middle gentry to a family descended from the sister of King Henry VIII's minister Thomas Cromwell. Little is known of the first 40 years of his life, as only four of his personal letters survive along with a summary of a speech that he delivered in 1628.